 
Fact Sheet – How to appeal a decision of the Federal 
Safety Commissioner 
The Scheme 
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme 
(the Scheme) was established by the Australian 
Government to improve safety in the building and 
construction industry by using its influence as a 
client and provider of capital to foster enhanced 
safety performance. 
The Scheme operates such that only ‘builders’ who 
are accredited under the Scheme can enter into 
head contracts for ‘building work’ that is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Australian 
Government, subject to certain thresholds. 
 
Authority for the Scheme 
The Scheme and the role of the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (FSC) is established by the Federal 
Safety Commissioner Act 2022  and the Federal 
Safety Commissioner (Accreditation Scheme) 
Amendment Rules 2023 (the Rules).  
The process for appealing decisions of the FSC is 
outlined in Division 9 of the Rules. 
 
Decisions Made by the Federal 
Safety Commissioner 
The FSC makes a range of decisions under the 
Rules related to the accreditation of contractors, 
the imposition of accreditation conditions and 
compliance actions.  
Where the FSC makes a decision that is reviewable 
under the Rules an “Affected Person” may seek a 
review of that decision if they do not agree with it.  
 
 The following decisions of the FSC are reviewable. 
Table 1 – Reviewable decisions 
Decision  Provisions 
To refuse to accredit Section 8(1) 
To accredit for less than 
6 years Section 8(1) 
To impose a condition 
on an accreditation Section 16(1)  
or paragraph 18(1)(a) 
 
To suspend an 
accreditation Paragraph 18(1)(b) 
To revoke an  
accreditation Paragraph 18(1)(c) or 
subsection 18(2) 
To refuse to cancel an 
accreditation on 
request Section 21 
All reviewable decisions made by the FSC will be 
outlined in writing to the relevant applicant or 
accredited company and include information on 
how a review may be sought. 
 
Affected Persons 
You may be an affected person if you have a 
relevant financial or proprietary interest over and 
beyond that of the general public, and this interest 
has been or will be affected by the decision of the 
FSC. 
Affected persons are not limited to applicants for 
accreditation or accredited contractors.   
If you believe that you are an affected person, you 
may wish to formally request a review of the 
reviewable decision. 
  
