      
Fact Sheet  – Applying the Scheme to Directly 
funded building work  
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  
(the Scheme)  operates such that, subject to certain 
thresholds, only builders  who are accredited under 
the Scheme can enter into head contracts for 
building work funded directly or indirectly by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity . 
The information with in this factsheet and the 
flowchart at Appendix 1  can assist organisations in 
understanding whether the Scheme applies to 
individual projects.  
For more information on what constitutes building 
work , refer to our fact sheet Definition s of 
‘Builder’ and ‘Building Work’. For further 
information on the Scheme and how it applies to 
indirectly funded building work, refer to the fact 
sheets Applying the Scheme to indirectly funded 
building work  and Contracting for Australian 
Government funded building work. 
What is directly funded building work?  
Projects are considered to be directly funded 
where an Australian Government Agency has 
responsibility for the project funding and 
development.  
Directly funded building work includes projects 
where the Australian Government enters into 
contracts with persons who:  
• will carry out the building work; or  
• may arrange for building work to be carried 
out. 
This includes building work that the Australian 
Government facilitates directly by agreement, for 
example, B uild Own Operate (BOO), Build Own 
Operate Transfer (BOOT), and pre -commitment 
leases. All pre -commitment leases are covered by 
the Scheme, and where they are funded by the 
Australian Government, the direct threshold will 
apply.  
Examples of directly funded building work include:   
• a new Medicare office  
• Department of Defence facilities  • a fit-out or refurbishment of existing Australian 
Government office accommodation.  
What thresholds apply to directly funded 
building work?  
The Scheme applies to all projects  that are directly 
funded by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  which include building 
work . An accredited builder must be engaged if a 
‘head contract for building work’ under the project 
has a value of at least $4 million (GST inclusive).  
An accredited builder will not be required  to 
undertake building  work  under the project  if the 
value of the ‘head contract for building work’ is 
below the specified direct funding threshold.  
The flowchart at Appendix 1  provides further 
assistan ce in determining whether an accredited 
builder must be engaged for a project.  
What is a head contract for building work?  
A ‘head contract for building work’ is the highest 
level contract or funding agreement enacted for a 
project that includes building wo rk and where the 
entity entering into the contract  or agreement  
undertakes the building work themselves. This 
entity is defined as  a ‘builder’ for the purposes of 
the Scheme .  
The total value of the contract or agreement must 
be considered when establishin g whether the 
$4 million threshold has been reached, regardless 
of the value of the building works component of 
the contract or agreement.  
Where a n Australian Government Agency enters 
into a contract or funding agreement to complete 
a project that includes  building work , but that 
entity will not be undertaking the building work 
themselves  (for example a contract entered into 
with a Project Management company) , this 
contract  or agreement is  not considered to be a 
‘head contract for building work’. For this p roject, 
the ‘head contract for building work’ will sit at a 
lower contractual level dependent on who is 
engaged to undertake the building work. The 
