  Fact Sheet  – Applying the Scheme to indirectly 
funded building work
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  
(the Scheme) operates such that, subject to certain 
thresholds, only builders  who are accredited under 
the Scheme can enter into head contracts for 
building  work funded directly or indirectly by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity . 
The information withi n this factsheet and the 
flowchart at Appendix 1  can assist organisations in 
understanding whether the Scheme applies to 
individual projects.  
For more information on what constitutes building 
work, refer to our fact sheet Definition s of 
‘Builder’ and ‘ Building Work’. For further 
information on the Scheme and how it applies to 
directly funded building work, refer to the fact 
sheets Applying the Scheme to Directly funded 
building work  and Contracting for Australian 
Government funded building work. 
What is in directly funded building work?  
Projects are considered indirectly funded where 
the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  contributes funding  to a 
recipient through a funding agreement, grant or 
other program . The recipient, such as a state 
government, council or private company, may 
carry out the work themselves or contract with a 
person who:  
• will carry out building work; or  
• will arrange for building work to be carried 
out. 
This includes building work funded by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity  through a funding agreement or grant, for 
example,  Build Own Operate (BOO), Build Own 
Operate Transfer (BOOT),  and pre -construction 
agreement s. All pre -construction  agreement s are 
covered by the Scheme, and where they are 
funded by the  Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  through an agreement or 
grant,  the indirect thresholds will apply.  
 Examples of indirectly funded building work 
include:  
• road construction  projects funded by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity.  
• a new school built by a state or territory 
government using funding provided by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity . 
Are there any indirectly funded projects 
the Schem e does not apply to?  
The Scheme does not apply to projects indirectly 
funded by  the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  if: 
• the building work is prescribed under 
section  26 of the Building and Construction 
Industry  (Improving Productivity) 
(Accreditation Scheme) Rules 2019; or  
• the value of the funding contribution made by 
the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  to the project  or the  
value of the  ‘head contract  for building work’  
is below the specified indirect  funding 
thresholds  (see below) . 
What thresholds apply to indirectly 
funded building work?  
The thresholds under the Scheme for indirectly 
funded building work apply at both the project and 
contract /funding agreement  level. Determining 
whether an accredited builder is required to 
undertake building work  under a project  involves a 
two-step process.  
The first step is to establish the value  of funding 
provided by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity to support a project. A 
project include s all the activities  that are 
encompassed by a separate funding arrangement 
including any building work. If the contribution to 
the project by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity is:  
