       
Fact Sheet – Scheme Rule Changes 
Background 
On 21 March 2019, the Building and Construction 
(Improving Productivity) (Accreditation Scheme) 
Rules 2019 (the Rules) came into effect.  The Rules 
repeal and replace the Fair Work (Building Industry 
– Accreditation Scheme) Regulation 2016  which 
prescribe the WHS Accreditation Scheme (the 
Scheme) for persons who wish to carry out 
Commonwealth funded building work. 
Why were the changes 
necessary? 
The remade Rules reduce regulatory burden, 
clarify existing requirements, make technical 
amendments and formalise long-standing 
administrative practice. These changes will ensure 
the operating framework for the Scheme remains 
effective. 
What are the changes?  
National Construction Code (NCC) 
legislative function 
The Rules facilitate the performance of the Federal 
Safety Commissioner’s (FSC) function in relation to 
auditing compliance with National Construction 
Code (NCC) performance requirements in relation 
to building materials, and ensure that action can 
be taken by the FSC, including by suspending a 
person’s accreditation, if they are found not to be 
complying with those requirements. 
 
 
 
 Condition of accreditation 
The superseded Rules reference appropriate 
policies, procedures and safe work practices as a 
condition of accreditation.  The Rules clarify that 
the condition of accreditation to have appropriate 
work health and safety (WHS) policies, procedures 
and safe work practices includes the 
implementation of these requirements. 
Revocation of accreditation 
The Rules provide an additional ground upon 
which the FSC may revoke a person’s 
accreditation. Specifically, a person’s accreditation 
may be revoked if the FSC is satisfied that the 
accredited person has, at two or more times while 
accredited, failed to have or implement 
appropriate work health and safety policies and 
procedures or safe work practices.  
This will enable the FSC to revoke the accreditation 
of a person that consistently fails to meet the 
requisite safety standard determined by the FSC 
without needing to demonstrate there is a clear 
and present risk to safety or that a safety incident 
has occurred, which is consistent with the 
objectives of the Scheme. 
Revocation of a person’s accreditation will be 
managed in accordance with the OFSC compliance 
policy. 
Definition of building work  
The changes to the Rules limit the coverage of the 
building work definition for the purposes of the 
Scheme. It excludes offsite pre-fabrication or 
made-to-order components to form part of any 
building, structure or works, and the transport or 
supply of goods directly to building sites to be used 
in building work.  
 
