      
 
Fact Sheet  – Corrective Action Reports (CARs) and 
the auditing process  
As part of the Work Health and Safety 
Accreditation Scheme  (the Scheme) , companies 
are required to undergo audits to become 
accredited and to maintain accreditation. Audits 
are undertaken against the Federal Safety 
Commissioner’s Audit Criteria (the Criteria). Where 
a company’s documented Work Health and Safety 
Management System (WHSMS)  does not meet the 
Criteria, or a company does not follow its safety 
system a Correc tive Action Report (CAR) will be 
raised. This fact sheet outlines what constitutes a 
CAR, how companies shoul d address them, and 
how a  company can dispute a CAR . 
What is a corrective action?  
A CAR is a finding made by a Federal Safety Officer 
(FSO) during an audit that a company’s WHSMS  
fails to meet the requirement s of the Criteria  
and/or the company has not followed its WHSMS .  
When a CAR is raised,  the compan y need s to take  
corrective action  to ensure its WHSMS  fully meets 
the Criter ia and is being implemented on  site.  
What types of corrective actions are 
there?  
There are two levels of CARs that can be raised at 
an audit by an FSO .  
1. A major non -conformance CAR is raised 
where : 
• A company ’s WHSMS contains no 
documented process  or system  which 
meets the Criteria, or 
• the company’s WHSMS fails to meet the 
Criteria in a substantial way , or 
• there is no evidence a company’s WHSMS 
is being implemented onsite , or 
• a company has failed to implement its 
WHSMS onsite in a substantial way.  A CAR will not be raised where a company’s 
WHSMS meets the Criteria, but no evidence of 
implementation is available because the relevant 
work has not yet been undertaken onsite.  
2. A minor non -conformance CAR is raised  
where : 
• a company’s WHSMS fails to meet the 
Criteria in a minor way , or 
• a company has failed to implement its 
WHSMS onsite in a minor way.  
Opportunity For Improvement  
An Opportunity for Improvement (OFI) is a 
suggestion ma de by a FSO to  a company to  further 
improve a WHSMS  which meets the Criteria that is 
being fully implemented on site. An OFI will not be 
raised if a non -conformance with the Criteria is 
identified.  
Companies are not required to adopt or close out 
OFIs. The y are suggested improvements only.  
 
How should corrective actions be 
addressed?  
Companies are required to take remedial action to 
address CARs raised at audits.  
Companies must provide the OFSC with an Action 
Plan detailing the steps it will take to update  safety 
systems or onsite practices to address all CARs. 
The Action Plan must specify who is responsible 
for specific actions to address the CAR by a 
specified date. Companies  should submit an Action 
Plan  to the OFSC within 30 days of an audit report 
bein g released to a company.  
Action Plans are reviewed by the OFSC . Companies 
shoul d take prompt action to address the CAR . The 
OFSC will contact a company if it is concerned 
proposed actions to address a CAR are inadequate.  