      Fact Sheet – Joint Venture Arrangements
 
The Scheme 
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme 
(the Scheme) operates such that only builders who 
are accredited under the Scheme can enter into 
head contracts for building work that is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Commonwealth or a 
corporate Commonwealth entity, subject to 
certain thresholds. Refer to fact sheets on directly 
and indirectly funded building work for a full 
explanation of Scheme thresholds. 
What is a joint venture? 
The Federal Safety Commissioner (Accreditation 
Scheme) Amendment Rules 2023  (the Rules) define 
a joint venture  as being:  
an unincorporated enterprise that is constituted by 
two or more persons in common and in which:  
a) each member is not an individual; and  
b) at least one member is an accredited 
person and at least one member is not an 
accredited person . 
Who requires accreditation in a 
joint venture? 
The head contractor(s) conducting ‘building work’ 
in joint venture arrangements require Scheme 
accreditation.  
How can an unaccredited builder 
be part of a joint venture? 
Section 26(g) of the Rules provides for an 
unaccredited builder to enter into contracts for 
projects funded by the Commonwealth or a 
corporate Commonwealth entity, as part of a joint 
venture arrangement with an accredited builder, 
subject to specific requirements being satisfied. 
 
 
  
Requirements of section 26(g) 
If some, or all, of the building work is to be carried 
out by an unaccredited builder, the joint venture 
must provide the following information and 
undertakings to the Federal Safety Commissioner 
(FSC) before entering into a contract:  
 Details of the joint venture partners and 
the project they are seeking to contract. 
 The accredited member in the joint 
venture arrangement must provide 
undertakings, in writing, to take full 
responsibility for Work Health and Safety 
for the life of the project and that the 
building work will be carried out in 
accordance with its WHS Management 
System (WHSMS) for the life of the 
project. 
 The other builder(s) in the joint venture is 
required to provide undertakings, in 
writing, that it will carry out the building 
work in accordance with the accredited 
builder’s WHSMS for the life of the 
project and that it will participate fully in 
any audit of the accredited member’s 
WHSMS and its implementation on site.  
Upon receipt of the above information the FSC will 
confirm the requirements of section 26(g) have 
been met and provide a written confirmation to 
the joint venture members.  
Please note, joint ventures are required to provide 
undertakings to the FSC  for each project they are  
seeking to enter into contract for. 
When should section 26(g) 
undertakings be submitted? 
The Rules specify that the FSC must be given 
copies of the undertakings before a contract is 
entered into.  
