    
  Fact Sheet - Advice to Agencies: Applying the Work 
Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme 
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme is 
established under the Federal Safety Commissioner 
Act 2022 (the Act) and specified in the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (Accreditation Scheme) Amendment 
Rules 2023  (the Rules). 
The Act places specific legal obligations on 
Commonwealth funding agencies as clients of the 
building and construction industry. These obligations 
exist whether building work is procured directly by 
the funding agency, or indirectly through funding 
arrangements with third parties, such as national 
partnership agreements and other programmes.   
All staff involved in the procurement of building work 
must understand these obligations and ensure that 
tender documentation, funding agreements, and 
building contracts reflect Scheme requirements.  
What is the purpose of the 
Scheme? 
The Scheme is administered by the Office of the 
Federal Safety Commissioner (OFSC) and enables the 
Australian Government to use its influence as a major 
construction client and provider of capital to improve 
the WHS performance of the building and 
construction industry. The objective of the Scheme is 
to foster a culture in the building and construction 
industry where no one is harmed. 
The Scheme operates such that, subject to certain 
thresholds, only principal/head contractors who are 
accredited under the Scheme can enter into contracts 
for building work that are funded directly or 
indirectly  by the Australian Government.  
 
The Act, in particular, provides that a Government 
agency or authority must not fund building work 
unless the contract entered into for building work is 
with an accredited company. Section 26(g) of the Rules outlines provisions applying to joint venture 
arrangements that include accredited and 
unaccredited builders. Please refer to “Joint venture 
arrangements” below. 
A list of accredited companies is available on the OFSC 
website at www.fsc.gov.au . 
Agencies should note that where a non-accredited 
company is engaged by a funding agency, or by third 
party funding recipient, this may result in the funding 
agency being in breach of Scheme requirements. 
What is directly funded building 
work?  
Building work is considered to be directly funded 
where an Australian Government agency is the direct 
client of the building and construction industry.  This 
includes instances when an agency undertakes the 
procurement process directly, or engages a third 
party representative to undertake the process on 
their behalf. Pre-commitment leases and similar 
arrangements are also considered direct funding 
arrangements.  
Typical examples of directly funded projects would 
include the Department of Defence constructing a 
new military facility or another agency arranging for 
the construction of a new office or a fit out of an 
existing building. 
An accredited builder must be engaged for all building 
work directly funded by the Commonwealth with a 
contract value of $4 million or more (GST Inclusive).  
What is indirectly funded 
building work?  
Building work is considered indirectly funded where 
the Australian Government contributes funding to a 
third party recipient, such as a state government, 
