 
      
 
Fact Sheet  – International Companies and the 
Accreditation Process  
When is accreditation 
required?  
Subject to certain financial thresholds, only 
builders who are accredited under the Work 
Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  (the 
Scheme)  can enter into head contracts for 
building work that is funded directly or indirectly 
by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity . 
An accredited builder must be engaged for directly 
funded head contracts , which include  building work 
with a value of  at least $4 million  (GST inclusive) .  
The Scheme a lso a pplies to projects that are 
indire ctly funded by the Commonwealth or a 
corpor ate Commonwealth entity . An accredited 
builder must be engaged  for head contract s, which 
include building work with a value of at least $4 
million or more (GST inclusive),  AND :  
• the contribution to the  funding of the  project 
by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity is at least $6 million 
(including GST) and represents at least 50 per 
cent of the total funding ; OR 
• the contribution to the funding of the  project  
by the Commonwealth or  a corpo rate 
Commonwealth entity  is at least $10 million 
(including GST) . 
What is the accreditation 
process?  
An application for accreditation must be lodged 
using FSC Online (available at www.fsc.gov.au ). 
Once the application has been processed, one or 
more on -site audits are conducted. The final stage 
is for the Federal Safety Commissioner to 
determine  if accreditation  should be awarded .  There are no fees charged to lodge an application 
or und ergo the audit process, and there are no 
ongoing fees once a company is accredited.  
Timeframes for the accreditation process vary 
from company to company, largely due to the 
company’s readiness for the on -site audit process, 
their ability to provide an active project for audit, 
and the speed with which they rectify any non -
conformances ide ntified at audit.  
The time taken from receipt of an application to 
first contact with the company is up to ten 
business days. The audit process commences at 
the company’s convenience.  
If an audit is to be conducted overseas, an initial 
head office a udit in Australia is conducted at the 
company’s convenience. Accreditation can be  
achieved within three on -site audits , although a 
number of companies have taken less time. As a 
first step, companies are encouraged to contact 
the OFSC as soon as they begin to c onsider an 
application and  are encouraged to  apply for 
accreditation in advance of submitting a project 
tender . 
Initial accreditation is granted for a period of 
three years, at which point companies are 
required to undertake a process to become 
reaccredite d. Subsequent periods of accreditation 
can be for up to 6 years for companies if they have  
a strong track record of compliance with Scheme 
requirements.  
What are the application 
requirements?  
Companies seeking accreditation must submit a 
complete applicati on, including company project 
details, Work Health and Safety performance data 
and a map of their system against the Scheme 
audit criteria.  