       
Fact Sheet  – Federal Safety Officers (FSOs)
Who are FSOs?  
Federal Safety Officers (FSOs) are consultants 
engaged by the Office of the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (OFSC) to conduct audits under the  
Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme . 
How are they selected?  
FSOs are selected through a tender process run  
periodically by the OFSC. Tenders are assessed on  a 
number of mandatory criteria including Registrar  
Accreditation Board Quality Society of Australasia  
(RABQSA) lead auditor certification and extensive  
building and construction industry experience.  The 
Federal Safety Commissioner (FSC) also looks  for 
personal qualities like excellent c ommunication  
skills and the ability to build rel ationships and work  
collaboratively.  
How are they engaged to the 
OFSC?  
Once they have been selected through the tender  
process, FSOs undergo a two stage engagement  
process. Firstly, they are engaged as consultants to 
the Department  of Employment and Workplace 
Relations  and by way of a Deed of Standing Offer 
(as set out  in the tender). Following this, they are 
appointed as  FSOs by the FSC under a legislative 
instrument, giving  them the legal authority to 
enter sites and conduct  audit s on behalf of the FSC.  
What happens once they are 
engaged?  
Before under taking audits on behalf of the FSC, 
new  FSOs are required to undergo an induction 
process, and  are subject to an initial observation 
program. Initially,  new FSOs only conduct post 
accreditation audits rather  than accreditation 
audits, and these are observed by  a member of the 
OFSC. The OFSC provides new FSOs  with feedback 
based on these observations, and also  reviews and 
provides any necessary feedback on their  audit 
reports. Once the O FSC is satisfied new FSOs are  
conducting audits to the required standard, the 
FSOs  can conduct accreditation audits.  
How are they selected for 
individual audits?  FSOs are part of a panel arrangement and there 
are a  number of factors that determine which FS O 
is selected  to conduct any given audit.  These 
include:  
• Audit location  
• Audit length  
• FSO availability  
• Type of audit (for example, if the audit is to 
follow up corrective actions, it’s preferable to 
engage the same FSO who conducted the 
original audit)  
What  are their obligations?  
All FSOs are required to abide by the General 
Directions  to FSOs issued by the Federal Safety 
Commissioner.  These Directions also refer to the 
FSO Code of Conduct,  which outlines the 
behaviours that the FSC expects  FSOs to uphold 
when conducting audits on behalf of  the FSC. FSOs 
are also required to carry an ID card for  formal 
identification purposes.  
The FSC is keen to ensure that the audit process is  
conducted in a collaborative way. As such, FSOs 
are expected to be courte ous, professional and 
helpful.  The FSO conducting your audit should 
ensure you  understand any issues that are 
detected and then  explain what is required under 
OFSC accreditation.  
It is important to be aware that FSOs are not 
meant  as a substitute for a W HS manager or 
consultant.  Companies being audited are expected 
to have a strong  knowledge of their W HS system 
and processes, as well  as the requirements of the 
Scheme.  
How does the OFSC ensure FSOs 
meet their obligations?  
All FSOs are periodically observed t o ensure that  
the Scheme criteria are being applied consistently,  
and that FSOs are conducting audits in line with 
FSC requirements. All audit reports are reviewed 
by the  OFSC to further ensure audit consistency.   
FSO forums are held periodically  and are a n 
opportunity for FSOs to discuss issues, lessons 
learnt  and positive experiences with the OFSC.  
