 
       
Fact Sheet – Safe Work Method Statements (SWMS)  
This Fact Sheet has been developed to provide information regarding the standards and 
expectations of the O ffice of the Federal Safety Commissioner (OFSC) when reviewing SWMS during 
an OFSC audit.  
Key Points  
• The OFSC does not mandate that a SWMS is required other than where required under 
legislative/Code requirements in the relevant state or territory or where required by the Principal 
Contractor’s own system.  
• There is no OFSC SWMS template. The OFSC does not dictate the form and content of a SWMS.  
• This means, for example, that the OFSC does not require extracts or lists of legislation/regulations 
or Codes, nor does it require risk assessment to be included, etc.  
• While the OFSC criteria require Principal Contractors to assess the risk of identified hazards this 
does not have to be in the SWMS.  
• The OFSC does not specify which documents companies use as evidence of the documented  
systems required under the Scheme. It can be in SWMS or other documents – so long as the 
minimum legal requirements for SWMS are met.  
• Where a company’s systems state that SWMS is the documentary evidence of compliance with a 
Scheme criterion, SWMS will of  course be checked in the context of addressing the criterion.  
− Any SWMS checked as evidence of compliance with Scheme criteria will need to meet 
minimum legislative compliance.  
• The OFSC requires Principal Contractors to review SWMS against company -defined  criteria; in 
order to conduct this review, the Principal Contractor is not required to be an expert relative to 
the work activity to the same depth as the subcontractor responsible for the activity under 
review.  
Scope and Requirements  
The focus of the OFS C audit is to review how the Principal Contractor ensures that SWMS are in place 
where required, and that they are of a satisfactory standard to meet the relevant Scheme and 
legislative requirements.  
Importantly, the OFSC criteria examine a Principal Contractor’s risk management processes in total, 
with SWMS forming one component of this.
