       
Fact Sheet: Verification of Competency – Mobile Plant  
This Fact Sheet has been developed to provide 
information regarding the standards and 
expectations of the O ffice of the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (O FSC) in relation to competency 
requirements for the operation of mobile plant.  
Verification of Competency (VoC)  is defined within 
the OFSC Evidence Guide as ‘a method of 
documented evaluation of the skill level of a 
person against defined competency standards in 
order to evaluate the person's ability to carry out 
the relevant activity or works.’  
OFSC Audit Criteri on H16.8 specifically requires a 
system to be in place to define the competency 
requirements for the operation of mobile plant, 
which may be a combination of licences, formal 
training through an RTO and/or a VoC process.  
The following sections outline acceptable 
evidence in meeting this requirement, as well as 
clarifying what is not required, in addressing 
competency for mobile plant operators. 
Importantly, i f a company has a system that 
requires additional verification of competency 
beyond OFSC  requirements, it is expected that the 
company’s defined requirements are followed, 
and these will be subject to review at OFSC audits.  
Competency Requirements for 
Mobile Plant Operators  
Required/acceptable evidence : 
• High -Risk Work Licence issued by a Stat e or 
Territory under the National Certification 
System as per the legislation; or 
• where a High -Risk Work Licence is not required 
by legislation:  
− Licence or Certificate of Competency 
issued under previous State or Territory 
legislation for which there is no  longer a High Risk Work Licence required e.g. load -
shifting equipment; or 
− Statement of Attainment or Certificate 
issued by a Registered Training 
Organisation (RTO) for the successful 
completion of the appropriate unit of 
competency in the Nationally Recog nised 
Training (NRT) package; or 
− evidence of formal VoC assessment 
against defined competency standards, 
which should:  
o be completed, or confirmed as 
having been completed, by the 
accredited company to an 
acceptable level;  
o include a detailed and documented 
assessment standard;  
o be completed by a person (or 
persons) who meets the minimum  
competency as an assessor for the 
item of plant ; and  
o be evidenced by a signed, completed 
VoC assessment.  
What is the minimum acceptable level 
for a formal  VoC assessment that is not 
undertaken by an RTO?  
A structured template / questionnaire / checklist 
that is either aligned to the Nationally Recognised 
Training Package, or similar structured 
questionnaire tailored to the safe operation of the 
item of mobile plant, e.g. hazard s / risks and 
controls, operator manual requirements, 
emergency situations and response, etc.  
  
