       
Fact Sheet – Hazards Research Project
The research  project  
The Office of the Federal Safety Commissioner 
(OFSC)  has engaged researchers from RMIT  
University  to conduct a research project to 
determine if the 19  high risk  hazard criteria  which 
the OFSC focuses on remain  appropriately 
targeted towards the hazards on building sites 
with the highest risk of injury. As part of this 
project, researchers will:  
• establ ish if universal definitions exist in 
industry for serious injury and injurious 
hazard;  
• identify the most injurious hazards in the 
industry and how they are 
measured/recorded  
• identify current mitigation strategies for 
each hazard  
• identify trends or emerging issues . 
Methodology  
RMIT is conducting the planning, project design, 
data collection and analysis  for the research 
project  with OFSC support.  
RMIT intends  to collect and analyse data from 
Commonwealth and state and territory 
government sources – including the OFSC, 
Safework Australia and jurisdictional regulators if 
possible – as well as conducting focus groups and 
interviews with key stakeholders with WHS 
experience in the industry.   
Outcome  
RMIT will deliver its findings to the OFSC by the 
end of the 2018 -19 financial year.  The findings will 
be used to inform the refinement of the  hazard  
criteria in consultation with industry. The 
outcomes of the project will also be 
communicated broadly to benefit key 
stakeholders, including industry and other 
Government agencies.   
Background  
The OFSC manages the WHS Accreditation Scheme 
(the Scheme). Subject to financial thresholds, head 
contractors of building work funded directly or 
indirectly  by the Commonwealth must be 
accredited under the Scheme.  
Accredited companies and companies seeking 
accreditation are audited against Scheme criteria 
to ensure they have appropriate safety measures 
in place. 19 of the Scheme criteria are high risk 
hazards , including:  
• working from heights  
• confined space  
• excavation  
• mobile plant.  
 For further information : 
▪ Visit the FSC website at www.fsc .gov.au  
▪ Contact the FSC Assist Line on 1800 652 500  
▪ Contact the OFSC via email at 
ofsc@ dewr.gov.au  
