 
Fact Sheet - Advice for funding recipients: Applying 
the Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  
The Australian Government is committed to 
improving workplace health and safety (WHS) in 
the building and construction industry.  
As a funding recipient you may be obliged to 
engage a builder who has been accredited under 
the WHS Accreditation Scheme (the Scheme) or 
become accredited yourself if you undertake 
building work. The Scheme is established under 
the Federal Safety Commissioner Act 2022  (the 
Act) supported by the Federal Safety Commissioner 
(Accreditation Scheme) Amendment Rules 2023  
(the Rules). This fact sheet outlines your 
responsibilities and how to meet them. 
How the Scheme affects you 
Under the Act, Australian Government agencies 
can only fund ‘building work’ when, subject to 
thresholds, an accredited builder is engaged. 
If an Australian Government agency or corporate 
Commonwealth entity has provided you with 
funding for building work, your funding agreement 
should include a clause requiring that contracts for 
building work are only entered into with 
accredited builders when the project is captured 
under the Scheme and the financial thresholds are 
met.  
The Australian Government will be unable to make 
funds available to you should an unaccredited 
builder be engaged.  
Subcontractors, project managers, architects, 
designers and other parties not undertaking 
building work do not require accreditation. 
Financial thresholds 
The Scheme applies to projects that are indirectly 
funded by the Australian Government where a 
head contract under the project includes building 
work and is valued at $4 million or more (GST 
inclusive) AND:  
 the value of the Australian Government 
contribution to the project is at least $6 million 
and represents at least 50 per cent of the total 
construction project value; or  the Australian Government contribution to a 
project is $10 million (including GST) or more, 
irrespective of the proportion of Australian 
Government funding. 
More information on the application of the 
financial thresholds and when an accredited 
builder must be engaged is available in the fact 
sheet ‘Applying the Scheme to indirectly funded 
building work ’. 
Engaging a builder 
If you are not a builder and intend to engage 
another entity to do the building work where the 
value of the contract is expected to meet the 
thresholds, you should ensure that: 
 your tender documentation and contracts for 
building work state that the Scheme applies to the 
project, and 
 the builder will need to be accredited and remain 
accredited under the Scheme in order to perform 
the work.  
The Office of the Federal Safety Commissioner 
(OFSC) provides Model Clauses for use by funding 
recipients for these purposes. The Model Clauses 
are available at www.fsc.gov.au .  
While the model clauses are recommended, they 
are not mandatory. Funding recipients and others 
may substitute these model clauses with their 
own, providing that the replacement clauses 
achieve at least the same effect of the model 
clause.  
A list of accredited builders is also available at 
www.fsc.gov.au . 
  
