  
Fact Sheet – How to Get Accredited and Stay 
Accredited 
The accreditation process 
Accreditation involves a three-stage process – an 
initial application, systems validation review and 
an on-site audit process. The Office of the Federal 
Safety Commissioner (OFSC) does not charge 
companies for accreditation or ongoing audits. 
Applying for Accreditation 
All companies are required to submit an 
application as the first stage in the accreditation 
process. The application form requires company 
information, project details of sites where the 
company is the head contractor and a system map 
of where the company’s system meets the 
requirements of each audit criterion. 
Once the application is submitted, the OFSC will 
forward a further declaration to the company for 
signature. This declaration confirms that the 
company will comply with the National 
Construction Code where applicable to any work it 
undertakes. 
A company will progress to the systems validation 
review stage once all information has been 
provided and reviewed. Applications from 
companies in a tender for a Scheme project will be 
prioritised where possible. 
Systems Validation audit 
Once your application has been assessed, the OFSC 
will contact the company to arrange a Systems 
Validation audit to assess the company’s WHS 
Management System against the WHS 
Accreditation Scheme (the Scheme) criteria. The 
audit will be conducted by a Federal Safety Officer 
(FSO). FSOs are independent, external WHS 
experts contracted by the OFSC. The arrangements for the audit will be negotiated 
with the company and it may be undertaken 
virtually or at a company’s premises. The audit will 
establish whether there are any gaps in the 
company’s WHS Management System that prevent 
it from demonstrating compliance with the 
Scheme criteria. 
Following the Systems Validation audit, you will be 
provided with a detailed report describing where 
the criteria has been met and detailing any gaps 
that have been identified. The report is usually 
provided around 10 business days after the audit. 
The OFSC will then advise whether the company 
can proceed to Stage 3 or requires a further 
Systems Validation audit.  
On-site audit 
Subject to satisfactory progression under Stage 2, 
the company’s WHS Management Systems are 
verified at an on-site audit. On-site audits are 
detailed audits conducted by FSO usually over two 
days. The criterion used for these audits is 
available at fsc.gov.au.  
The OFSC selects the site for audit based on the 
details provided in the application and liaises with 
companies to determine an audit date. The sites 
provided must be sites where the company’s WHS 
Management System is being implemented. 
The OFSC will organise for an FSO to conduct the 
audit, after which the company will receive an 
audit notification letter together with the criteria 
to be assessed at the audit. All the information 
provided by the OFSC should be reviewed in order 
to prepare for the audit. The OFSC also 
recommends that this information is 
communicated to the relevant staff working on the 
project site being audited. 
