   
Fact Sheet – Contracting for Australian Government 
funded building work 
Do I need to be accredited? 
If you: 
 are planning to contract for building work 
valued at $4 million (GST inclusive) or more 
funded by the Australian Government AND 
 will be the head contractor 
you may be required to be accredited under the 
Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme (the 
Scheme). 
If you are considering contracting for Government 
funded building work you should apply for 
accreditation now.   
What is the Scheme? 
The Scheme is established under the Federal 
Safety Commissioner Act 2022 and the Federal 
Safety Commissioner (Accreditation Scheme) 
Amendment Rules 2023 and is designed to 
improve work health and safety in the building and 
construction industry.  
Subject to certain thresholds, only head 
contractors who are accredited under the Scheme 
can enter into contracts for building work that are 
funded directly or indirectly by the Australian 
Government.  
For directly funded projects, the threshold is $4 
million.  
Where the Australian Government contributes 
funding to a recipient through a funding 
agreement, grant or other program, it is 
considered indirectly funded. The same $4 million 
head contract value applies; however, it is subject 
to additional funding thresholds based on the 
proportion of the Australian Government 
contribution to the project.  
 Why was the Scheme 
established? 
The Scheme was established in 2005 in recognition 
that something had to be done to improve the 
unacceptable WHS performance in the building 
and construction industry.  
 
The Scheme enables the Australian Government to 
use its influence as a major construction client and 
provider of capital to improve the WHS 
performance of the industry. Through the Scheme, 
the Government aims to foster a new culture 
where work must be performed safely, as well as 
on budget and on time. 
Why should I become 
accredited? 
The Act requires head contracts for building work 
to be signed with accredited builders (subject to 
the thresholds referred to above).  
Alternative provisions exist for joint venture 
arrangements that include accredited and 
unaccredited builders. Refer to the fact sheet on 
Joint Venture Arrangements. 
There are now over 400 accredited companies 
enjoying the benefits of accreditation. Not only are 
they eligible to contract for Australian Government 
funded projects but they are reaping the benefits 
of improved WHS performance.  Improvements in 
safety lead to increased productivity, reduced 
absences, reduced insurance and workers’ 
compensation costs, improved retention and 
greater innovation. 
Another benefit of accreditation is automatic 
recognition of meeting the work health and safety 
elements of the pre-qualification schemes for 
