      Fact Sheet – Complaints Process 
The Federal Safety 
Commissioner 
The Federal Safety Commissioner (FSC) works 
to improve the safety culture of the building 
and construction industry through 
consultation, collaboration and 
communication with both industry and their 
Australian Government clients. In order to 
achieve a high level of service delivery and 
ensure stakeholder satisfaction we welcome 
feedback and see it as an opportunity to 
improve our processes. 
 
What is a complaint? 
For the purposes of the FSC complaints 
process, a complaint is a written expression of 
dissatisfaction signed and submitted using the 
Complaints Form template. The Complaints 
Form has a declaration which allows the Office 
of the Federal Safety Commissioner (OFSC) to 
explore the nature and history of the 
complaint and provides a declaration from the 
complainant that the information is true and 
correct. 
 
A complaint may relate to: 
 Health and safety issues of building and 
construction companies 
 Accreditation, auditing or compliance 
processes 
 Conduct of an OFSC employee or a Federal 
Safety Officer. 
 
When to make a complaint 
If you are not satisfied with the service you 
have received from the OFSC we would 
appreciate knowing the details and nature of 
the issue. Through investigating complaints, 
the OFSC has an opportunity to improve our 
service to you and others.  
 Appealing a decision of the FSC 
Separate arrangements are in place to cover 
appeals against a decision of the FSC. The process is 
detailed in our fact sheet:  How to appeal a decision 
of the Federal Safety Commissioner . 
 
How to provide feedback to the 
OFSC  
You can provide feedback to the OFSC through your 
OFSC Audit Officer, the Assist Line or through the 
OFSC email account (details can be found at the 
bottom of this factsheet).  
 
In order for feedback to be considered as a formal 
complaint and formally investigated, the 
Complaints Form must be used. 
Protected information under the 
FSC Act 
Information collected for the purposes of the 
Federal Safety Commissioner Act 2022  (the Act) is 
protected under the Act and the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (Accreditation Scheme) Amendment 
Rules 2023. Disclosure of this information is very 
limited and permitted in very restricted 
circumstances. Information collected by the OFSC 
in connection with a complaint will be handled in 
accordance with all applicable laws and will only be 
used for the purposes of investigating the 
complaint. 
 
Process of handling complaints 
When the OFSC receives a complaint, we will: 
 acknowledge receipt of the complaint 
within five working days 
 
 
 
 
 
