      
  
Fact Sheet  – Small builders and the Scheme: your 
questions answered
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  
(the Scheme) is designed to improve health and 
safety in the building and construction industry. It 
applies to builders who are head contractors for 
building  work funded by the Commonwealth or a 
corporate Commonwealth entity . The following 
advice is for small business es and sole traders. The 
Scheme only applies to projects where  the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity  has provided funds for the building work  
and meets certain financial thresholds . 
If I only build residential houses, do I 
need to be accredited?  
You do not need to be an accredited builder for 
projects for the construction of ‘single -dwelling 
houses’ regardless of the value or number to be 
constructed.   
A ‘single dwelling  house ’ for the purpose of the 
Scheme  is:  
• a detached house; or  
• one of a group of two or more attached 
dwellings  such as a row house, terrace 
house, town house or villa unit;  
You do not  need to be accredited if your building 
work involves  the alteration or extension of a 
dwelling provided it remains a  single -dwelling 
house after the alteration or extension . 
You will require accreditation if your contract 
meets the threshold value and is for a project which 
entails building or altering a residential dwelling 
that is not a single dwelling house – ie. apartments.  
Contact the Office of the Federal Saf ety 
Commissioner (OFSC)  if in doubt.  
 
What thresholds apply to directly 
funded building work?  
The Scheme applies to projects that are directly 
funded by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity with a value of at least $4 
million (GST Inclusive) .   
An accredited builder must be engaged for all 
building work directly funded by the Commonwealth 
or a corporate Commonwealth entity  with a contract 
value of at least $4 million (GST Inclusive).   
What thresholds apply to indirectly 
funded building work?  
The Scheme applies to projects that are indirectly 
funded by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity where a head contract for 
building work under the project has a value of  at 
least $4 m illion (GST inclusive) AND : 
• the contributi on to the project by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity  is at least $6 million (including GST) and 
represents at least 50 per cent of the total 
funding ; OR 
• the contribution to the project by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity is at least $10 million (including GST), 
irrespective of the funding proportion made by 
the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity .  
Identifying who needs to be 
accredited  
If a project meets the above thresholds the 
requirement that accredited  builders carry out the 
building work only applies to head contracts for 
building work valued at $4 million  (GST Inclusive) or 
more.  
My contract is for more than $4 
million  (GST Inclusive) . Do I need to 
be accredited?  
If the contract is for building work  other than 
single dwelling houses , yes, you will need to be 
accredited except in some cases where the 
indirectly funded threshold test applies (see above) . 
 
