      
 
Fact Sheet – Powers of the Federal Safety Officers
The role of Federal Safety 
Officers 
The role of Federal Safety Officers (FSOs) is to act as 
third party auditors, conducting on-site auditing of 
companies seeking accreditation or currently 
accredited under the Work Health and Safety 
Accreditation Scheme. 
FSOs may carry out audits at the pre-accreditation 
stage, as well as undertaking performance 
monitoring during the life of projects to evaluate an 
accredited company’s ongoing capacity to meet the 
requirements of the Scheme. 
Under Section 68 of the Federal Safety 
Commissioner Act 2022 , the Federal Safety 
Commissioner may appoint the following people as 
FSOs: 
 Australian Government employees; 
 state or territory government employees; 
 consultants engaged on behalf of the 
Commonwealth. 
FSOs measure compliance in a number of key areas, 
including: 
 implementation of WHS management systems; 
 implementation of the Scheme’s WHS criteria; 
 the ability to identify and manage scheduled 
risks and hazards; 
 monitoring the implementation of any 
performance improvements identified during 
the auditing process. 
Entry to premises 
Do I have to allow an FSO entry to the premises? 
Yes. Generally, you will be provided advance notice 
of an FSO visit. If you do not allow an FSO to enter 
the premises, you may be committing an offence, 
which carries serious penalties. 
An FSO cannot use force to gain entry to premises, 
and will generally only enter during normal working 
hours. 
When can an FSO enter the premises? Under Section 63 of the Act, an FSO may enter 
premises for the purposes of: 
 ascertaining whether an applicant for 
accreditation under the Scheme meets the 
accreditation requirements; or 
 ascertaining whether an accredited company 
has complied, or is complying with the 
conditions of accreditation. 
However, before entering the premises an FSO 
must announce themselves and present their 
identity card for inspection by the occupier, or a 
person representing the occupier. 
What sort of premises can an FSO enter? 
An FSO may enter any premises other than a 
residence, where the FSO has reasonable cause to 
believe that: 
 building work is being, or has been, carried out 
by an applicant or company accredited under 
the Scheme; and 
 there are documents relevant to compliance 
purposes. 
An FSO may enter business premises if the FSO has 
good reason to believe that there is a person on the 
premises who has information relevant to the 
Federal Safety Commissioner’s compliance 
activities.  
What can an FSO do while on the premises? 
An FSO may: 
 inspect any work, material, machinery, 
appliance, article or facility; take samples of 
goods or substances; 
 interview any person; 
 review, take, or copy documents. See 
‘Production of documents’. 
Do I have to allow an FSO to conduct interviews? 
Yes. If you do not, you may be committing an 
offence, which carries serious penalties. 
Production of documents 
