     1 
 
Fact Sheet – Federal Safety Commissioner 
The role of Federal Safety Commissioner (FSC) was 
established by the Australian Government in June 
2005. The FSC is supported by the Office of the 
Federal Safety Commissioner (OFSC) located in the 
Department of Employment and Workplace 
Relations. 
The functions of the FSC are described in Section 
38 of the Federal Safety Commissioner Act 2022 
and include: 
 promoting workplace health and safety (WHS) 
in relation to building work; 
 auditing compliance with National Construction 
Code performance requirements in relation to 
building materials; 
 administering the Work Health and Safety 
Accreditation Scheme (the Scheme); 
 promoting the benefits of the Scheme; and 
 disseminating information about the Scheme. 
The FSC was established to enable the Australian 
Government to use its influence as a client and 
provider of capital to improve the building and 
construction industry’s WHS performance. 
Accreditation Scheme 
One of the FSC’s key functions is to develop and 
implement the Scheme. 
 
Through the Scheme, the Government is fostering 
a culture where work must be performed safely, as 
well as on budget and on time. Under the Scheme 
and subject to certain thresholds, only accredited 
head contractors can enter into contracts for 
building work that is funded directly or indirectly 
by the Australian Government.  
 
Under the Scheme, the OFSC reviews applications 
and conducts on-site audits to determine an  
 applicant’s suitability for accreditation. The FSC 
considers the evidence obtained from these 
processes together with the recommendations of 
the OFSC to determine whether a building 
company is suitable to be accredited and/or 
continue with its accreditation under the Scheme. 
 
Consultation, collaboration 
and communication 
The FSC works with the building and construction 
industry to make Australian worksites safer. In 
2014, this included consultation with companies 
and building industry representatives in 
undertaking a comprehensive review of OFSC and 
the Scheme. 
 
The FSC also continues to work with Australian 
Government agencies to ensure WHS is a key 
factor in their building and construction 
procurement, from the letting of tenders to the 
delivery of projects safely, on time and on budget. 
 
This cooperative approach is raising WHS 
awareness and resulting in considerable industry 
and Australian Government agency demand for 
WHS advice, expertise and information. 
 
Other initiatives 
The FSC is delivering the following initiatives to 
help improve WHS in the building and construction 
industry and to underpin delivery of the Scheme: 
 
 improving online reporting capabilities for 
companies; 
 improving working relationships with state and 
territory WHS agencies; 
 working with relevant stakeholders to help 
drive best practice solutions to key issues;  
