Updated: July 2023 Eligibility for FEG assistance
This fact sheet provides information about the eligibility requirements for the Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG). 
The Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG) is a scheme of last resort that provides financial assistance for unpaid 
entitlements to eligible employees when their employee enters liquidation or bankruptcy. FEG assistance is only 
available where there is no other source of funds to pay employment entitlements to eligible employees 
retrenched due to insolvency of the employer. 
For information about what assistance is available please refer to the What assistance can FEG provide ? 
fact sheet available on the FEG website (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
The FEG Act
Decisions about eligibility for FEG assistance are made in accordance with the Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 
2012 (FEG Act). FEG may apply to a person if their employer enters liquidation or bankruptcy and the person 
has certain unpaid employment entitlements owing to them. For information about what assistance is 
available please refer to the What assistance can FEG provide ? fact sheet available on the FEG website
(www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
Am I eligible?
Subject to certain exclusions, you will be eligible for FEG assistance under the FEG Act if: 
 your employment has ended 
 your former employer entered liquidation or bankruptcy (known as an ‘insolvency event’) on or after 
5 December 2012 
 the end of your employment: 
- was due to the insolvency of your employer, or 
- occurred less than 6 months before the appointment of an insolvency practitioner for the employer, or 
- occurred on or after the appointment of an insolvency practitioner for the employer 
 you are owed employment entitlements 
 you have taken reasonable steps to prove those debts in the winding up or bankruptcy of the employer 
 if you were owed employment entitlements before the insolvency event occurred, you took reasonable 
steps to have them paid 
 at the time your employment ended, you were an Australian citizen or, under the Migration Act 1958,  the 
holder of a permanent visa (i.e. your current visa allows you to live in Australia indefinitely) or special 
category visa (i.e. your current visa allows you to stay and work in Australia as long as you remain a New 
Zealand citizen) 
 you have made an effective claim (see s. 14). 
You must meet all of the above requirements to be eligible for FEG assistance. 
Updated: July 2023 Exclusions from eligibility
FEG is a scheme for employees only. Other classes of workers, for example contractors and sub-contractors, 
are not eligible for assistance. Contract outworkers in the textile clothing and footwear industry may be 
covered under a special scheme for employees in that industry. 
Some classes of employees are also ineligible for FEG assistance. You will be ineligible for assistance under the 
FEG Act if: 
 you are an excluded employee (as defined by the Corporations Act 2001 )  
 you converted from contractor status to employee status with the same employer within 6 months of the 
insolvency event or the end of employment 
 your former employer was within the scope of the Special Employee Entitlement Scheme for Ansett Group 
Employees. 
Making an effective claim
You must make an effective claim to be eligible for FEG assistance. It is important that you submit your claim 
as soon as possible because FEG has strict time limits. 
To make an effective claim, you must:  
 lodge a FEG claim form
 include all mandatory information and documentation requested on the form
 lodge your claim no more than 12 months after the end of your employment or the date of the insolvency 
event (whichever is later) and
 lodge your claim before the discharge of your former employer’s bankruptcy (if your employer was a bankrupt).
If your claim is not made within this timeframe, or does not include all required information and 
documentation, it will not be effective and you will not be eligible for FEG assistance. 
For more information about lodging a FEG claim form, please refer to the How do I apply for FEG assistance
fact sheet available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee).
How can you help?
While information provided by the insolvency practitioner is generally relied upon, it is important that you 
provide as much information as possible to decide if you are eligible for FEG assistance and, if so, to work out 
the amount of assistance you are eligible for. 
For more information about the type of information you should provide please refer to the How do I apply for 
FEG assistance  fact sheet available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
Want more information?
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you would like more information about eligibility for FEG assistance. To 
contact the FEG Hotline: 
 1300 135 040 
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST)  
 email FEG@dewr.gov.au . Updated: July 2023 If you speak a language other than English, call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 13 14 50 for free 
help anytime. If you speak an Indigenous language, call the Aboriginal Interpreter Service on 1800 334 944. 
Further information is also available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee).
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice 
relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, 
reliability, currency or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any 
action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this fact sheet. 