Updated: June 2023 What assistance can FEG provide?
This fact sheet provides information about what assistance is available under the Fair Entitlements 
Guarantee (FEG). FEG is a legislative safety net scheme of last resort with assistance available for eligible 
employees. The scheme provides financial assistance to eligible employees who have lost their job due to 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of their employer and who are owed employee entitlements which are not 
able to be paid by their employer or from another source.  
The FEG Act 
Decisions about eligibility for FEG assistance are made in accordance with the Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 
2012 (FEG Act). FEG may apply to a person if their employer enters liquidation or bankruptcy (known as an 
‘insolvency event’) and the person has certain unpaid employment entitlements owing to them.  For more 
information about eligibility requirements for FEG please refer to the Eligibility for FEG assistance  fact sheet 
available on the FEG website . 
What assistance is available? 
Under the FEG Act, the Department of Employment and Workplace Relations (the department) can pay what is 
owed to you under your existing terms and conditions of employment for the entitlements listed below. Some 
entitlements are subject to maximum thresholds as set out in the relevant sections (‘s.’) of the FEG Act. 
 wages  – up to 13 weeks (see s. 5 and s. 24) 
 annual leave  (see s. 20)  
 long service leave  (see s. 21) 
 payment in lieu of notice  – up to 5 weeks (see s. 22) 
 redundancy pay – up to 4 weeks per full year of service (see s. 23) – note the governing instrument that 
provides for your redundancy entitlement may also specify an upper limit  
FEG does not cover unpaid superannuation guarantee amounts. If you have unremitted superannuation 
guarantee amounts you should contact the insolvency practitioner managing your former employer’s affairs to 
discuss your rights as an employee creditor. 
Working out the amount of assistance FEG will pay  
FEG assistance for unpaid entitlements is calculated based on your existing terms and conditions of employment  
(eg: industrial award, enterprise agreement, contract of employment, National Employment Standards). 
The department liaises with the insolvency practitioner managing the affairs of your employer to obtain as 
much information as possible on: 
 your circumstances with the insolvent employer 
 your salary/wage rate 
 what entitlements have been left unpaid 
 whether your employer has sufficient funds to pay those entitlements within a reasonable period.
Updated: June 2023 The department will not pay FEG assistance for amounts that you have already been paid or amounts that are 
payable by another party (see s. 19 of the FEG Act). For example, if you are entitled to redundancy pay and 
your employer contributed to an industry redundancy fund, your unpaid redundancy should be paid by that 
fund and will not be paid under FEG. Similar arrangements may apply in some states or industries for long 
service leave. 
FEG maximum weekly wage 
When calculating the amount of FEG assistance payable, the FEG maximum weekly wage is applied. If you earn 
more than the maximum weekly wage, your FEG assistance can only be paid at the maximum weekly wage 
capped rate ($2,673 between 1 July 2023 and 30 June 2024).  
The remaining unpaid entitlement for the portion of wages over the maximum weekly wage cap can be 
claimed from the insolvent estate.  
Recently agreed changes in terms and conditions 
Any favourable changes to your terms and conditions of employment within 6 months of your employment 
ending or the appointment of an insolvency practitioner may be disregarded (see s. 25). If the department 
considers it was not reasonable to expect that your employer would have been in a financial position to satisfy 
improved conditions, the amount of FEG assistance may be calculated as if the terms and conditions had not 
been changed. 
Other things that may affect the amount of FEG assistance paid 
Under the FEG Act, the amount of FEG assistance payable may be reduced by any debts you owe your former 
employer (see s. 17). 
FEG assistance may also not be payable in circumstances where the insolvency practitioner expects to have 
sufficient funds to pay your employment entitlements in full within 112 days of you lodging an effective claim 
or the date of the insolvency event (whichever is later) (see s. 18). 
How can you help? 
You should provide all the information and documents requested in the FEG claim form to establish that you 
meet the eligibility conditions.  
For more information about the type of information you should provide please refer to the How do I apply for 
FEG assistance  fact sheet. 
The department will try to obtain as much information as possible from the insolvency practitioner about what 
you are owed. Sometimes, particularly if your employer had poor books and records, other information from 
your own records will be needed. If we contact you to ask for more information, getting that information to us 
quickly will help us to finalise your claim quickly. Updated: June 2023 Want more information? 
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you would like more information about eligibility for FEG assistance.  
To contact the FEG Hotline: 
 phone 1300 135 040 
Monday - Friday, 9am - 5pm (AEST/ADST) 
 email FEG@dewr.gov.au
If you speak a language other than English, call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 13 14 50 for free 
help anytime. If you speak an Indigenous language, call the Aboriginal Interpreter Service on 1800 334 944. 
Further information is also available on the FEG website .  
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice 
relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, 
reliability, currency or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any  
action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this fact sheet. 

Updated: June 2023 TCF contract outworkers scheme
This factsheet provides general information about a special scheme of financial assistance for contract 
outworkers in the textile, clothing and footwear industry (TCF contract outworkers) under the  
Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG). You may be eligible for financial assistance under this special scheme if: 
 you performed work for a person in your capacity as a TCF contract outworker 
 the person is insolvent, and  
 the person owes you entitlements for the work you performed for them. 
A TCF contract outworker is a person who performs work in the textile, clothing and footwear industry 
under a contract for services at premises that would not normally be regarded as business premises. 
FEG and the TCF contract outworkers scheme 
FEG is a scheme designed to assist employees whose employment has ended due to the insolvency of their 
employer. FEG can provide financial assistance, called an advance, to cover certain unpaid employment 
entitlements for eligible employees affected by the insolvency of their employer.  
FEG is a legislative scheme established under the Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012 (the FEG Act). 
A regulation has been made under the FEG Act to create a special scheme to cover TCF contract outworkers. 
The Fair Entitlements Guarantee Regulations 2022 (the Regulations) commenced on 29 March 2023, to replace 
the scheme of assistance established under earlier regulations. 
What assistance is available? 
Under the TCF contract outworker scheme, TCF contract outworkers may be eligible for financial assistance for 
the following unpaid entitlements (TCF contract outworker entitlements): 
 wages  – up to 13 weeks 
 annual leave   
 long service leave  
 payment in lieu of notice  – up to 5 weeks  
 redundancy pay  – up to 4 weeks per full year of service 
Am I eligible? 
Subject to certain exclusions, you may be eligible for financial assistance under the TCF contract outworker 
scheme if you meet the following conditions of eligibility. These conditions are: 
 that you have ceased to do work for the person you worked for in your capacity as a TCF contract 
outworker (the specified person) 
 that an insolvency event (liquidation or bankruptcy) happened to the specified person on or after 
15 May 2013  
Updated: June 2023  that you are owed one or more TCF contract outworker entitlements by the specified person 
 that before making a claim under the TCF contract outworker scheme, you took reasonable steps to prove 
your unpaid TCF contract outworker entitlements in the winding up or bankruptcy of the specified person 
 that before making a claim under the TCF contract outworker scheme, and if you were owed TCF contract 
outworker entitlements before the insolvency event happened to the specified person, you took 
reasonable steps before that insolvency event to have those entitlements paid 
 at the time you ceased to do work for the specified person, you were an Australian citizen or the holder of 
a permanent or special category visa under the Migration Act 1958
 you, or a person on your behalf, have made an effective claim for financial assistance under the TCF 
contract outworker scheme. 
It is important to note that persons with a personal connection to the specified person are not eligible for 
assistance under the TCF contract outworker scheme. 
Making an effective claim 
To make an effective claim under the TCF contract outworker scheme, you must lodge a FEG claim form and 
include all mandatory information and documentation required by that claim form. 
In addition, your claim under the TCF contract outworker scheme must be made no more than 12 months after 
the date you ceased to do work for the specified person, or the date the insolvency event happened to the 
specified person (whichever is later) and before the discharge of the specified person’s bankruptcy (if the 
specified person is or was a bankrupt). 
If your claim is not made within this timeframe, or does not include all mandatory information and 
documentation, it will not be effective. 
Mandatory documents 
The provision of documentary evidence of your citizenship or migration status is a mandatory part of making 
an effective FEG claim and must be provided with your FEG claim form. 
Completing your claim form 
If you think you may be eligible for financial assistance under the TCF contract outworker scheme then you 
must complete and lodge a FEG claim form. 
In order for us to accept your FEG claim form you must answer all questions on the claim form marked with an 
asterisk (*). 
The FEG claim form and TCF contract outworkers 
There are some important things you need to keep in mind when completing a FEG claim form. 
Firstly, when you are completing the FEG claim form you should understand any reference to ‘employer’ or 
‘employment’ to mean a reference to the specified person you performed work for and the type of work you 
performed for that person. Updated: June 2023 For example, where you are asked to include the details of your former employer, you should provide the 
details of the specified person you performed work for. Similarly, you should provide information about when 
you started and finished performing work for that person where you are asked for information about when 
your employment started and ended. 
You will also need to make it clear in your claim form that you are a TCF contract outworker. You will need to 
do this at Part B (i.e. the basis of your employment at the time your employment ended) and at any other 
question that requires you to describe your employment.
How do I apply? 
Online lodgement is the preferred way to lodge a FEG claim form. 
Just register for FEG Online Services  to complete and lodge your form. 
Using FEG Online Services means that we will receive your FEG claim form within 24 hours after it is submitted. 
FEG Online Services also allows you to upload and submit supporting documentation. For more information 
about how to lodge your claim online please refer to the How do I access FEG Online Services  fact sheet 
available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
If you are unable to lodge an online FEG claim form, you can submit a paper based form  available on the FEG 
website  (www.ag.gov.au/FEG). Paper based FEG claim forms must be lodged by: 
 sending it to: 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Branch 
Department of Employment and Workplace Relations 
GPO Box 9828 
CANBERRA ACT 2601 
 emailing it to FEG@dewr.gov.au
Want more information? 
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you would like more information about FEG assistance for TCF contract 
outworkers or if you need help to make a claim. 
To contact the FEG Hotline: 
 phone 1300 135 040 
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST) 
 email FEG@dewr.gov.au 
If you speak a language other than English, please call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 13 14 50 for 
assistance. If you speak an Indigenous language, call the Aboriginal Interpreter Service on 1800 334 944. 
The following fact sheets available on the FEG website  may also provide useful information:  
 How do I apply for FEG assistance? 
 How we assess FEG claims
 Reviewing a FEG decision
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the TCF 
contract outworker scheme under the Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  – this fact sheet is not legal advice. Where necessary,  
you should seek your own independent legal advice relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make  
any representation or warranty about the accuracy, reliability, currency or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet 
and is not liable for any loss resulting from any action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this fact sheet.

Updated: September 2022 Reviewing a FEG decision
Decisions about eligibility for assistance and the amount of any assistance under the Fair Entitlements 
Guarantee (FEG) are made in accordance with the Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  (FEG Act).  
This fact sheet provides general information about your right to a review of a FEG decision. All references  
to legislation below are references to the FEG Act.  
What if I have a question about my FEG claim decision? 
When you receive your FEG claim decision you may have questions about how that decision was made. For 
example, why your claim was found to be ineligible or why the amount of assistance paid was different to 
what you expected. Most of these questions will be answered in the reasons and explanations we include in 
your decision letter. 
You can contact us to discuss your claim decision by contacting the FEG Hotline: 
 phone 1300 135 040 
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST) 
 email FEG@dewr.gov.au
You might want to do this if: 
 you need more information about how the decision was made on your claim 
 you think the Department of Employment and Workplace Relations (the department) has made an error 
based on the facts of your claim 
 you have new information related to your FEG claim. 
What are my rights to a review? 
Section 37 of the FEG Act allows the department to review your FEG decision if it is satisfied there is a good 
reason to do so. This is a s. 37 review, and might occur if we receive new information about your claim. 
Section 38 of the FEG Act also allows you to request a review of the department’s decision on your claim. 
These are referred to as s. 38 reviews. If the department conducts a s. 37 review you will still maintain the 
right to lodge a formal request for an internal review of your FEG claim decision. 
If you disagree with the department’s s. 38 review decision, you may apply to the Administrative Appeals 
Tribunal (AAT) for a further review.  Information about s. 38 and AAT reviews and how to apply is below. 
Formal request for internal review – s. 38 reviews 
If you disagree with a decision about your eligibility for FEG assistance or a decision about the amount of 
assistance you are eligible for, you can apply for an internal review of that decision under s. 38. You can 
request a review of either the original decision or departmental initiated review decision under s. 37. You are 
not required to discuss your concerns with the department before lodging a formal request for internal review. 
Updated: September 2022 Please note that strict time limits apply and you must lodge your formal request for internal review within 
28 days after the date of the decision notice (see s. 38 of the FEG Act). 
What should I include in my internal review application? 
A formal request for internal review under s. 38 must be made in writing. Your request should state that it is a 
request for internal review and you also must state the reasons you are seeking a review. You should explain 
which parts of the decision you disagree with - all components of the decision, or only part of the decision. For 
example, if you were paid several categories of employee entitlements (wages, annual leave, redundancy) but 
only disagree with our decision about your annual leave entitlement, you should state this clearly and why you 
disagree with it. 
Your request for review must also include any information or documents that you are relying on to support 
your reasons for seeking a review. Additional information will be particularly important in cases where you 
disagree with the information the insolvency practitioner has provided to us from the books and records of 
your former employer, or if you have further information which the department has not seen. 
Below are some examples of the types of documents that may help us assess your application for review: 
 signed contract of employment 
 payslips 
 PAYG payment summaries 
 letter of offer of employment 
 bank statements for the 13 weeks prior to the initial appointment of the insolvency practitioner (or if your 
employment ended before the appointment of an insolvency practitioner, bank statements for the 
13 weeks prior to the end of your employment) 
 bank statements for the 30 days immediately after your employment ended 
 evidence of weekly or annual wage 
 separation certificate 
 letter of termination of employment 
 signed timesheets 
 evidence of salary sacrifice arrangements. 
How do I apply for internal review? 
Online lodgement is the easiest way to make a request for internal review under s. 38. 
If you have not already registered you can do so at FEG Online Services.  Once you have registered with 
FEG Online Services you can complete your review application online. 
If you are unable to lodge your request for review online, you can submit a paper based request. The review 
application  form is available on the  FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee) to assist you 
in this process. Paper based applications must be lodged with the department by: 
 sending it to: 
FEG Internal Reviews 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee program 
Department of Employment and Workplace Relations 
GPO Box 9828 
CANBERRA ACT 2601 
 emailing it to FEGreviews@dewr.gov.auUpdated: September 2022 Your application for review must be received by the department within 28 days of the decision notice 
(see s. 38). If you send your application by post it is your responsibility to ensure it is received by the 
department within the 28 day timeframe. 
How will my review be assessed? 
The review officer will investigate the issues raised by you and consider any supporting information or 
documents you provided. The review officer will also consider relevant information already held by the 
department, including information received from the insolvency practitioner. 
The review officer will then provide that information to a senior officer of the department who has not 
previously made a decision on your claim to make a decision about the review. 
How long will the process take? 
We aim to process requests for internal review as quickly as possible. The time taken to assess a review will 
depend on the complexity of the claim and whether we need to request additional information from you, the 
insolvency practitioner or other third parties. There is no statutory or standard timeframe for decisions. 
What happens when we have made a decision? 
Once we have made a s.37 or s.38 review decision, we will notify you in writing of the outcome. The decision 
may affirm, vary or set aside the decision being reviewed. The decision letter will set out the terms of, and 
reasons for, the decision and will notify you of any rights of further review. 
We will then process any changes to your entitlements. If we decide you have been underpaid, we will pay you 
the difference.  
If we decide you have been overpaid, we will send you a notice of debt due to the Commonwealth. You will be 
required to repay this debt within 30 days unless you contact the department to make alternative arrangements. 
Review by the Administrative Appeals Tribunal 
If you disagree with the department’s s. 38 internal review decision, you may apply to the AAT for a further 
review of that decision. Before you apply to the AAT, the department must have completed its s. 38 internal 
review of your FEG claim decision. 
The AAT provides independent review of a wide range of administrative decisions made by the Australian 
Government and some non-government bodies. Decisions made by the AAT are binding on both you and the 
department. 
S. 40 sets out which decisions under FEG are reviewable by the AAT. Subject to certain limitations, the AAT 
may review decisions about whether you are eligible for FEG assistance or the amount of FEG assistance you 
are eligible for. The AAT cannot review a decision to reduce your FEG assistance due to debts you owe to your 
former employer. 
How do I lodge an application with the AAT? 
Your application to the AAT must be lodged in writing. You may use the forms available from the AAT Registry 
in your capital city or from the AAT website. A fee for lodgement may apply. Generally, you must lodge an 
application for review with the AAT within 28 days of receiving your internal review decision notice. For more 
information about lodging an application or applicable fees, please call the AAT on 1300 366 700 or visit the 
Administrative Appeals Tribunal website  (www.aat.gov.au).Updated: September 2022 Want more information? 
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you would like further information about your review rights under the FEG 
Act. To contact the FEG Hotline: 
 phone 1300 135 040 
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST) 
 email FEG@dewr.gov.au
The department is unable to provide you with legal advice. However, we can provide you with general 
information about the process and steps involved. 
If you speak a language other than English, please call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 
13 14 50 for free help anytime. If you speak an Indigenous language, call the Aboriginal Interpreter Service 
on 1800 334 944. 
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice 
relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, 
reliability, currency or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any 
action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this fact sheet. 

Updated: June 2023 Protecting your information
This fact sheet contains advice about steps you should take to protect your personal information when lodging 
a Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG) claim and when expecting advice from the Department of Employment 
and Workplace Relations (the department) about the assessment of your claim. 
Signing-up for FEG Online Services 
When signing-up for FEG Online Services: 
 set a strong password or pass-phrase that is different to the passwords you use for personal email and social 
media accounts 
 Passwords must comply with the following rules: 
o Have a minimum of fourteen (14) characters 
o Must not contain the User ID, Given Name or Surname 
o It must not be one of the last twenty (20) passwords used 
o Users can not change their password for forty-eight hours immediately following their last 
change of password 
o Contain characters from three of the following four categories: 
- English uppercase characters (A-Z) 
- English lowercase characters (a-z) 
- Numeric (0-9) 
- Non-alphanumeric (eg: !exclamation mark, $, #, or %). 
 keep your login ID and password secure. 
Lodging a FEG claim 
When lodging a FEG claim: 
 only use a support person who you trust if you need assistance to complete and lodge your claim. Always 
review the responses they enter into the FEG claim form on your behalf 
 reject offers of help to complete your FEG claim from people you do not know, or who you have had 
limited contact with, e.g. social media contacts or former work colleagues 
 contact the FEG Hotline on 1300 135 040 if you experience technical difficulties or need support to 
understand a question in the FEG claim form 
 keep your claim form, identity documents, banking and taxation details secure. 
Updated: June 2023 Email correspondence about your FEG claim
Email correspondence with the department about your FEG claim will only occur with an email address ending 
in: @dewr.gov.au (e.g. FEG@dewr.gov.au). 
If you receive email correspondence about your FEG claim that looks fake or suspicious: 
 do not select and open hyperlinks, internet addresses, and email attachments 
 do not reply to the email 
 report it by calling the FEG Hotline on 1300 135 040, Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST). 
Phone calls about your FEG claim 
If you call the FEG Hotline to ask about your claim, a FEG representative will ask for your name, date of birth and 
the name of your former employer to retrieve your claim record and to avoid disclosing your personal 
information to someone other than you or your nominated alternative contact. 
If a FEG representative calls you to discuss your claim, they will: 
 only call during business hours 
 say who they are and that they are calling from the Department of Employment and Workplace Relations 
or the Fair Entitlements Guarantee 
 not ask you for other personal information over the phone. 
If a FEG representative requires further information from you to assess your claim, they may call to inform you 
that additional information is needed and send you a request in writing, via email or post. 
If you receive a call or a text message claiming to be from FEG or the department and you are concerned that it 
may be fake, or have concerns about the information being requested, terminate the call and contact a FEG 
representative by calling the FEG Hotline on 1300 135 040, Monday - Friday, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST). Please 
do not reply to the text message or click into any links embedded in the message. 
Further information 
For more information about how to identify and protect yourself from scams, visit: 
www.scamwatch.gov.au . 
For more information about how to protect yourself and your personal information online, visit: 
www.staysmartonline.gov.au . 

Updated: September 2022 How we assess FEG claims
Decisions about eligibility for assistance under the Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG) are made in 
accordance with the Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  (the FEG Act). This fact sheet provides 
information about the best way to track the progress of your claim, and information about each stage 
of the claim assessment process. 
Registering a claim online 
The best way to follow the assessment of your claim is to register with FEG Online Services 
(www.dewr.gov.au/FEGOnline). Using FEG Online Services will:
 allow you to lodge your claim online 
 allow you to upload and submit mandatory and supporting documentation 
 ensure we receive your claim as soon as it is submitted 
 let you check the status of your claim at any time. 
To register go to FEG Online Services  (www.dewr.gov.au/FEGOnline).
For more information please refer to the How do I apply for FEG assistance and How do I access FEG Online 
Services fact sheets available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
The assessment process 
Once we have received your FEG claim, a number of steps are taken to assess your claim. Information about 
each of these steps is set out below. 
Determining if your claim is effective 
The first thing we do is make sure that your claim is effective (see s. 14 of the FEG Act). This includes checking 
that you have completed the required FEG claim form and included all mandatory information and 
documentation requested on that form. We will also verify that your claim was made no more than 12 months 
after the end of your employment or the liquidation or bankruptcy date of your former employer (whichever is 
later), and before the discharge of your former employer’s bankruptcy (if your former employer was a 
bankrupt). 
If your claim is not made within this timeframe, or does not include all required information and 
documentation, it will not be effective and you will not be eligible for FEG assistance. 
In the event that your claim is not effective we will send you a letter to explain the reasons why. 
Updated: September 2022 Gathering Information 
Once you have made an effective claim, the next thing we do is gather information to help us determine 
whether you are eligible for FEG assistance and, if so, the amount of unpaid employment entitlements you are 
legally entitled to be paid. This may include requesting information from you, your employer, the relevant 
insolvency practitioner or other parties. 
We aim to complete the process of gathering information as quickly as possible. However, for some claims the 
process may take longer during periods of high demand for FEG assistance or if your former employer had 
complex corporate arrangements in place or the state of the books and records of your former employer make 
it difficult to substantiate your claim. 
Assessing your claim 
After receiving all relevant information provided by you, the insolvency practitioner and/or appropriate third 
parties, we will begin to assess your claim. This includes calculating the outstanding employment entitlements 
you may be eligible for and checking whether the information provided by the insolvency practitioner is 
consistent with the governing instrument under which you were employed. 
Recommendation 
Once we have enough information to make a recommendation, a report will be prepared for the decision 
maker to decide whether you are eligible for FEG assistance and, if so, the amount you are legally entitled to 
receive. 
The decision maker will consider all the information relating to your claim and make a decision in accordance 
with the FEG Act. If the decision maker considers that further information and assessment is required we may 
contact you or the insolvency practitioner to request more information. 
Decision
After a decision has been made about your claim you will be notified in writing of the outcome. The outcome 
letter will outline the decision, the reasons for the decision and your rights to have the decision reviewed. 
Payment of your FEG claim 
If you are eligible for FEG assistance and the Department of Employment and Workplace Relations 
(the department) approves your payment, the department will generally pay your FEG payment directly into 
the account you nominated on your claim form after deducting the appropriate amount of tax and other 
relevant payments (such as child support payments). 
When completing your FEG claim form, you will need to advise the department whether you wish to provide 
your tax file number (TFN) or claim an exemption from providing it and, if so, provide a completed TFN 
declaration.  
The department is authorised to collect your TFN under the Taxation Administration Act 1953. You are not 
required to provide your TFN; however the department is required to withhold tax from your FEG assistance 
at the top marginal rate (currently 47 percent) if you do not provide your TFN or claim a relevant exemption 
on a TFN declaration. Updated: September 2022 Disagree with our decision? 
If you do not agree with our decision, or if you have additional information that may change our decision, you 
have the right to have the decision reviewed. Your rights of review are set out in the FEG Act and are explained 
in your outcome letter. 
For more information please refer to the Reviewing a FEG decision  fact sheet available on the FEG website
(www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
Want more information? 
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you would like more information about how your FEG claim will be 
assessed. 
To contact the FEG Hotline: 
 phone 1300 135 040 
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST) 
 email FEG@dewr.gov.au
If you speak a language other than English, please call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 
13 14 50 for free help anytime. If you speak an Indigenous language, please call the Aboriginal Interpreter 
Service on 1800 334 944. Further information is also available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-
entitlements-guarantee).
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice 
relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, 
reliability, currency or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any  
action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this fact sheet. 

 
  Updated: May  2024  
How is tax withheld under FEG? 
The Department of Employm ent and Workplace Relations (the department) is required to withhold Pay as 
you go (PAYG) tax from payments for assistance under the Fair  Entitlements Guarantee (FEG). This fact sheet 
provides information about how tax is calculated.  
Payment of FEG assistance  
If you are eligible for FEG assistance, the department pays you directly.  
Notice of variation  
Under the Taxation Administration Act 1953 (the TAA), where the department pays FEG assistance directly,  
it is required to withhold PAYG tax. The department must withhold tax in accordance with the Notice of 
Variation under section 15- 15 of Schedule 1 to the TAA issued by the Commissioner of Taxation (the variation).  
Providing a tax file number (TFN) 
The department is authorised to collect your TFN under the TAA.  The variation specifies the tax arrangements 
that apply where a person provides the department with their TFN on a TFN declaration form*. It does not 
apply where a person fails to provide one.  
*You are not required to provide your TFN. However, if you do not provide your TFN or claim a relevant 
exemption on your TFN declaration, the department is required to withhold tax from your FEG payment at 
the top marginal rate (currently 47  per cent).  
PAYG withholding under FEG  – TFN provided 
Unpaid wages, annual leave and long service leave  
Under the variation, from 1 July 2016, tax is withheld from FEG payments for unpaid wages, annual leave and long service leave at the rate of 34.5 per cent.  
Example 1: Jan is a part -t
 ime employee who lost her job when her employer entered into liquidation on 
30 November  2023.  
Jan lodges a claim for FEG assistance and provides the department with her TFN. The department determines that 
Jan is eligible for FEG assistance of $800 for unpaid wages and $400 for unused annual leave (total $1,200).  
The department withholds $276 from Jan’s FEG payment for unpaid wages (34.5 per cent of $800) and $138 
from her FEG payment for annual leave (34.5 per cent of $400). Following these tax amounts being withheld 
from her gross FEG entitlement of $1 ,200, the net amount paid to Jan is $786.  
 
  Updated: May  2024 Payment in lieu of notice (PILN) and redundancy pay  
Under the age- pension  age 
For tax purposes, FEG payments for PILN and redundancy pay for a person who was under the age -pension age  
(Table 1) at the time their employment ended are treated as genuine redundancy payments.  
Table 1: Age -pension age for men and women  
Date of birth  Age-pension age  
Before 1  Jul 1952  65 
1 Jul 1952 to 31  Dec 1953  65 years and 6  months  
1 Jan 1954 to 30  Jun 1955  66 years  
1 Jul 1955 to 31  Dec 1956  66 years and 6  months  
On or after 1  Jan 1957  67 years  
 
Genuine redundancy payments are tax -free up to a limit calculated as follows:  
Income year  Base limit  For each completed year of service  
2024 -25 $12,524  $6,264  
2023 -24 $11,985  $5,994  
2022 -23 $11,591  $5,797  
2021 -22 $11,341  $5,672  
 
Example 2:  Roger is a full -time employee who lost his job when his employer entered into liquidation on  
20 March 2024 . Roger  is 48 years of age and had worked for his employer for just over 10 years.  
Roger lodges a claim for FEG assistance and provides the department with his TFN. The department 
determines that Roger is eligible for FEG assistance for PILN (5 weeks) and redundancy pay (12 weeks). 
Roger’s weekly wage for the purposes of calculating PILN  and redundancy pay is $1 ,000, which means that he 
is entitled to a total FEG payment of $17,000 for PILN and redundancy pay.  
As the employment end date falls in 20 23-24 , it’s that income year that applies. The department does not 
withhold any tax from Roger’s FEG payment for PILN and redundancy pay because the payment does not 
exceed the tax -free component of $ 71,925 [$11, 985 + ($5,994 x 10 years)]. The full (untaxed) amount of 
$17,000 is paid to Roger by the department.  
If FEG assistance for PILN and redundancy pay exceeds the tax -free component, but is less than the 
Employment Termination Payment cap (ETP cap), the department must withhold tax at the rate of 34.5 per 
cent. The ETP cap is as follows:  
  Income year  ETP cap  
2024-25 $245,000  
2023 -24 $235,000  
2022 -23 $230,000  
2021 -22 $225,000   
  Updated: May  2024 Example 3:  Jill is a full- time employee who lost her job when her employer entered into liquidation on  
4 December 202 3. Jill is 50 years of age and had worked for her employer for just over 8 years.  
Jill lodges a claim for FEG assistance and provides the department with her TFN. The department determines 
that Jill is eligible for FEG assistance for PILN (5 weeks) and redundancy pay ( 24 weeks). Jill’s weekly wage for 
the purposes of calculating PILN and redundancy pay is $2,400, which means that she is entitled to a total 
FEG payment of $ 69,6 00 for PILN and redundancy pay.  
The tax -free component of Jill’s FEG payment for PILN and redundancy pay is $59, 937 [$11 ,985 + ($5,994 x 8 
years)]. The department does not withhold any tax from the tax -free component ($5 9,937), but withholds 
$3,333 (34.5 per cent of ($ 69,600 - $59,937) from the remainder of Jill’s FEG payment for PILN and 
redundancy pay because it exceeds the tax -free component.  
The net amount of $ 66,267 is paid to Jill by the department.  
If a FEG payment for PILN and redundancy pay exceeds the ETP cap, the department must withhold tax at the 
rate of 47  per cent from the amount that exceeds the ETP cap.  
Of the age -pension  age or older  
Under the TAA  payments for PILN and redundancy pay to a person who was of  the age- pension  age (Table 1)  
or older at the time their employment ended are not genuine redundancy payments. Under the variation, the 
department must withhold tax from these payments as follows:  
• 34.5 per cent from the portion of the payment below the ETP cap, and 
• 47 per  cent from the portion of the payment that exceeds the ETP cap.  
Example 4:  Phil is a full- time employee who lost his job when his employer entered into liquidation on 1 
March 2023 . Phil is 67.5  years of age and had worked for his employer for just over 23 years.  
Phil lodges a claim for FEG assistance and provides the department with his TFN. The department determines 
that Phil is eligible for FEG assistance for PILN (5 weeks)  and redundancy pay (46 weeks). Phil’s weekly wage 
for the purposes of calculating PILN and redundancy pay is $1,200, which means that he is entitled to a total 
FEG payment of $61,200 for PILN and redundancy pay.  
As Phil was over the age- pension age at the time his employment ended, no tax -free component applies to 
the PILN and redundancy payments.  
As the total amount does not exceed the ETP cap, the department must withhold $21,114 (34.5 per cent of 
$61,200) from Phil’s FEG payment for PILN and redundancy pay. The net amount of $40,086 is paid to Phil by 
the department.  
Want more information? 
You can contact  the FEG Hotline if you would like more information about how tax is withheld under FEG.  
To contact the FEG Hotline : 
• phone 1300 135 040  
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST)  
• email FEG@dewr.gov.au  
If you speak a language other than English, please call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 
13 14 50 for assistance . 
If you speak an indigenous language, please call the Aboriginal Interpreter Service on 1800 334 944 for assistance.  
Further information about FEG is also available on  the FEG website .  
  Updated: May  2024 Table 2: PAYG withholding and reporting for payments made under the Fair Entitlements Guarantee  
Item  Type of payment  Relevant provision - 
PAYG withholding  Applicable tax 
table or 
withholding rate  Relevant payment 
summary  
1 Back payment of wages, including 
unpaid amounts of leave already 
taken  
 
Payments for rostered days off  Payment to employee  
Section 12 -35 of 
schedule 1 to the TAA  Withhold at 
34.5%1 PAYG payment 
summary - 
individual non-business  
(NAT  0046)3 
2 Unused annual leave  Payment for unused 
leave  
Section 12 -90 of 
schedule 1 to the TAA  Withhold at 
34.5%1 PAYG payment 
summary - 
individual non-business  
(NAT  0046)   
3 Unused long service leave  Payment for unused 
leave  
Section 12 -90 of 
schedule 1 to the TAA  Withhold at 
34.5%1 PAYG payment 
summary - 
individual non-
business  
(NAT  0046)   
4 Redundancy pay and payment in 
lieu of notice when paid to a 
worker who is under the age -
pension age (Table 1) at the time 
of termination which falls within 
the tax -free limit  Employment 
termination payment 
(ETP)2 
Section 12 -85 in 
schedule 1 of the TAA  No withholding1 PAYG payment 
summary - 
employment termination 
payment  (NAT 
70868)  
5 Redundancy pay and payment in 
lieu of notice when paid to a 
worker who is under the age -
pension age (Table 1) at the time 
of termination that exceeds the 
tax-free limit, but is less than the 
ETP cap  Employment 
termination payment (ETP)
2 
Section 12 -85 in 
schedule 1 of the TAA  Withhold at 
34.5%1 PAYG payment 
summary - 
employment termination 
payment  (NAT 
70868) 
6 Redundancy pay and payment in 
lieu of notice when paid to a 
worker who is of the age -pension 
age (Table 1) or older at the time of termination to the extent that the payment does not exceed than 
the ETP cap  Employment 
termination payment (ETP)
3 
Section 12 -85 in 
schedule 1 of the TAA  Withhold at 34.5%  PAYG payment 
summary - 
employment 
termination 
payment  (NAT 
70868) 
7 Redundancy pay and payment in 
lieu of notice when paid to any 
worker regardless of age at the 
time of termination to the extent that they exceed the higher of the 
tax-free limit or ETP cap  Employment 
termination payment 
(ETP) 4 
Section 12 -85 in 
schedule 1 of the TAA  Withhold at 47.0%  PAYG payment 
summary - 
individual non-
business  (NAT 0046)  
 
1. The tax -free amount of a genuine redundancy includes only those amounts which exceed the amount which the individual would 
have been paid upon a normal termination. This includes amounts for payment in lieu of notice if applicable. Unused leave cannot be 
tax-free. For the tax -free threshold for the year in which the payment is made, refer to the Tax table for employment termination 
payments  (ETP).  
2. An ETP includes the part of a genuine redundancy payment or early retirement scheme payment for a worker who is under of the 
age-pension age at the time of termination that exceeds the tax -free threshold.  
3. Redundancy pay and payment in lieu of notice paid to a worker who is of the age -pension age or older at the time of termination are 
not classed as genuine redundancy payments and no tax -free component applies.  
4. All payments for redundancy pay and payment in lieu of notice, regardless of a worker’s age at the time of termination that e xceed 
the ETP cap will have tax withheld at the top marginal rate.  
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the  
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice 
relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, 
reliability, currency or completeness  of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any  
action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this fact sheet.  

Page 1 of 8 
Updated: September 2022 How do I verify my FEG Online 
Services account?
The Identity and Residency Document Verification Service (DVS) available in  FEG Online Services  is the easiest 
way to verify your account and provide evidence of your identity and Australian citizenship or residency status 
when making a claim for assistance under the Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG).  
The DVS is a secure online platform which allows claimants to self-verify documents relating to proof of 
identity and evidence of residency status, issued by a range of Australian government agencies. The DVS 
system checks if the biographic information entered in the document matches the original record from the 
issuer agency.  
Once an Identity and a residency document is matched the status of your account will change to Verified. The 
DVS record and its attachments will also be provided to FEG on the submission of your claim or will otherwise 
be added to all submitted but unprocessed claims.  
This fact sheet provides a step-by-step guide to using DVS in FEG Online Services . 
Identity and residency Document types 
The DVS functionality can verify your identity and Australian citizenship or residency status from a list of ten 
documents: 
1. Birth Certificate 
2. Change of Name Certificate 
3. Citizenship 
4. Drivers Licence 
5. ImmiCard 
6. Marriage Certificate 
7. Medicare 
8. Passport 
9. Registration By Descent 
10. Visa. 
Page 2 of 8 
Updated: September 2022 Verify your FEG Online Services account 
1. To sign in, go to  FEG Online Services  and click Sign In .  
If you do not have an account, you can register for FEG Online Services.The How do I access FEG Online 
Services  fact sheet provides a step-by-step guide on how to register and log into FEG Online Services.  
2. After successful login, you will be prompted to verify your account if the status of your account is 
Unverified and you have not completed the Identity and Residency Document Verification process. 
Note:  There is no requirement to verify your account or use the Identity and Residency Document process 
to provide evidence of your Identity or residency status to support your claim. Documentary evidence to 
support your Australian citizenship or residency status can be provided as an attachment to your 
unsubmitted claim form or added to a claim in the status of ‘In Assessment’ by selecting Actions and 
Manage Attachments. 
Page 3 of 8 
Updated: September 2022 3. Select Identity and Residency Document Verification  on the navigation bar. 
4. Once you have selected Identity and Residency Document Verification you will be directed to the manage 
Identity and Residency Documents screen.  Select Add New Verification .  
5. Read the Verify Identity or Residency Document Consent information and select the Agree  check box to 
confirm you are authorised to provide the personal details and you consent to the information being 
checked by the issuer or official record holder. Then select Continue .  
6. You will be prompted to select one of the documents types. Select a document from the list and click 
Continue .  
Page 4 of 8 
Updated: September 2022 7. Accurately complete all fields and then click Save.
8. Once your document successfully saves you will be able to add attachments. To add an attachment select 
the Add button underneath the attachment table.  
Page 5 of 8 
Updated: September 2022 In the pop window, drag and drop the appropriate file or click the grey panel to manually choose a file or files 
from your desktop and local drives.  
Note:  It is important you provide the Fair Entitlements Guarantee with documentary evidence of your 
Australian citizenship or residency status to make an effective claim. The Eligibility for FEG assistance  fact 
sheet provides information about the eligibility requirements for the Fair Entitlements Guarantee. 
9. You are now ready to verify your document. Check to ensure the details you have entered are correct and 
select Verify . The DVS will check to ensure all the mandatory fields are complete and send your request to 
the Issuer agency. 
Page 6 of 8 
Updated: September 2022 10. The status of your document will change to one of four verification responses from the issuer agency: 
a. Matched —No further action is required for this document. Once the document is in a matched status 
you cannot make any changes to the document or remove attachments. You can add additional 
attachments and they will be included on the submission of your claim or be added to any submitted 
and unprocessed claims. 
b. Not Matched —some or all details do not match the issuer record. You will need to check information 
entered in the document to ensure it matches the original record. Update detail in the records to match 
the original document and select Verify to return a result from the issuer agency. 
c. Document is invalid or not electronically captured —the document cannot be matched as it is not 
electronically captured by the associated agency. You can select another document to verify or provide 
evidence of your Australian citizenship or residency status with your claim form so that it can be 
manually verified by the department. 
d. System Error —Potential internet or server issue. Select Verify  to resend the request to the issuer 
agency. 
11. To add an additional document, select Exit and you will return to the Identity and Residency Documents 
screen.  
12. To view all draft, submitted and processed claims, select Home on the navigation bar.  
Trouble shooting tips 
1. I verified a document and it returned a Matched result. My FEG Online Services account status did not 
change to Verified.  
Tip: When attempting to verify your FEG Online Services account, you must provide evidence to support 
your identity and residency. Your account will remain in the status of unverified until you have verified 
your identity and residency status. Documents such as your passport would meet the requirements of 
proving your identity and residency status, while your driver licence can only be used to verify your 
identity.  
2. I attempted to verify a document and it returned a status of Unmatched. Can I use the same document 
again or should I create a new document record using the same document type? 
Tip: You can reuse the same document. Check the details and make changes to ensure it matches the 
details of the original record.  You will have to save the document before you are able to verify it.  
3. I verified a document and it returned a matched result. Is it to late to add attachments to my document? 
Tip: No, you can provide attachments after the document is verified. The document/s in question will also 
be made available to FEG staff if you have added your identity and proof of residency document before 
the submission of your claim or prior to the finalisation of your claim. Page 7 of 8 
Updated: September 2022 Important! 
To be eligible for assistance under FEG you must be an Australian citizen or the holder of a permanent visa  
(ie your current visa allows you to live in Australia indefinitely) or special category visa (ie your current visa 
allows you to stay and work in Australia as long as you remain a New Zealand citizen) at the time your 
employment ended . 
Before assessment of your claim can commence, you must provide documentary evidence to support your 
claim that you were an Australian citizen or the holder of a permanent visa at the time your employment 
ended. If you do not provide this evidence your claim will not be effective and you will not be eligible for 
assistance under FEG.  
Acceptable evidence of your citizenship or residency status includes a copy of at least one of the following 
categories of documents: 
 Australian passport issued no later  than the date of the end of your employment 
 Full Australian Birth Certificate. Extracts of birth certificates are insufficient 
 Australian Citizenship Certificate issued prior to the end of your employment. This should include both 
sides if there is anything on the reverse side 
 ImmiCard that is linked to an official online record of your permanent Australian visa, and which confirms 
that the visa was issued prior to the end of your employment 
 Registration by Descent document 
 Where appropriate, for the purpose of proving you hold a permanent visa, a copy of a passport that is 
linked to an official online record of your permanent Australian visa, and which confirms that the visa was 
issued prior to the end of your employment; or a copy of the visa label from your passport ( passport 
details must be visible ), or a copy of the Visa Grant Notice that includes the details of your passport you 
used to apply for that visa 
 Where appropriate, for the purpose of proving you held a Special Category visa at the end of your 
employment, a current New Zealand passport that is linked to an official online record of your Special 
Category Visa, and which confirms that the visa was issued prior to the end of your employment, or a New 
Zealand passport that was current at the end of your employment or, if your passport had expired, the 
most recent expired New Zealand passport that you held at the time you entered Australia prior to 
working for the employer 
 Confirmation of Identity and Citizenship for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people where other 
documentation is not available. You should use the Confirmation of Identity and Citizenship form  which is 
available on the department’s website.  
 In circumstances where you are not able to provide any of the above categories of documents before the 
end of the legislated 12-month period for lodging your claim, a completed statutory declaration from you, 
verifying that you do not have and are unable to obtain such documents, and detailing the steps you 
propose to take to obtain a copy of the required document(s). You should use the Commonwealth 
statutory declaration form  which is available on the website of the Attorney-General’s department. 
Please note: Your driver’s licence is not acceptable evidence of your citizenship or residency status. 
Where the name on the document does not match the name that you are claiming under you will also need to 
provide proof of the change of name by providing one of either: 
Change of name certificate, or 
Marriage certificate. 
Important: The department verifies the authenticity of the mandatory documents that you provided by 
requesting confirmation of the document from the agency or organisation that issued the document.Page 8 of 8 
Updated: September 2022 Want more information? 
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you want further information about using FEG Online Services : 
 Phone 1300 135 040 
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST) 
 Email FEG@dewr.gov.au
If you speak a language other than English, call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 13 14 50 for 
free help anytime. If you speak an Indigenous language, call the Aboriginal Interpreter Services on 
1800 334 944 . 
Further information about FEG is also available on the FEG website . 
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the Fair 
Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice relevant to 
your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, reliability, currency 
or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any action taken or reliance 
made by you on the information contained in this factsheet. 

Updated: September 2022 How do I apply for FEG assistance?
This fact sheet provides information about how to lodge a claim for assistance under the Fair Entitlements 
Guarantee (FEG). Decisions about eligibility for FEG assistance are made in accordance with the 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  (FEG Act). For information about eligibility requirements and what 
assistance is available please refer to the Eligibility for FEG assistance and the What assistance can FEG 
provide? fact sheets available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee).
Making a claim 
Making a claim is easy. Just go to  FEG Online Services  to register and complete your claim. For more 
information about making your claim please refer to the How do I access FEG Online Services fact sheet 
available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
If you are unable to lodge a claim online, you can submit a paper based form  available from the FEG website . 
For information about eligibility requirements and what assistance is available please refer to the Eligibility for 
FEG assistance and the What assistance can FEG provide?  fact sheets available on the FEG website
(www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
How long do I have to make a claim? 
You must make an effective claim to be eligible for FEG assistance. It is important that you submit your claim 
as soon as possible because FEG has strict time limits. 
To make an effective claim, you must:  
 lodge a FEG claim form 
 include all mandatory information and documentation requested on the form 
 lodge your claim no more than 12 months after the end of your employment or the date your employer 
entered liquidation or bankruptcy (whichever is later) and 
 lodge your claim before the discharge of your former employer’s bankruptcy (if your employer was a 
bankrupt sole trader or partnership).
If your claim is not made within this timeframe, or does not include all required information and 
documentation, it will not be effective and you will not be eligible for FEG assistance. 
Mandatory and Supporting documentation 
The provision of some documents is mandatory. You should also provide us with any supporting 
documentation that may assist us in deciding your claim.  
Updated: September 2022 Mandatory documents 
It is mandatory that you provide documentary evidence of your residency or citizenship status at the time your 
employment ended to assist us in assessing your eligibility for FEG assistance (see s. 10 of the FEG Act). 
Where the name on the document does not match the name that you are claiming under you will also need to 
provide proof of the change of name by providing a: 
 Change of name certificate, or 
 Marriage certificate. 
Acceptable evidence of your citizenship or residency status includes a copy of at least one of the following 
categories of documents: 
 Australian passport issued no later  than the date of the end of your employment 
 Full Australian birth certificate. Extracts of birth certificates are insufficient 
 Australian citizenship certificate issued prior to the end of your employment. Including both sides if there 
is anything on the reverse side 
 Immicard that is linked to an official online record of your permanent Australian visa, and which confirms 
that the visa was issued prior to the end of your employment 
 Registration by Descent document 
 Where appropriate, for the purpose of proving you hold a permanent visa, a copy of a passport that is 
linked to an official online record of your permanent Australian visa, or a copy the visa label from your 
passport (passport details must be visible), or a copy of the Visa Grant Notice that includes the details of 
your passport you used to apply for that visa 
 Where appropriate, for the purpose of proving you held a Special Category visa at the end of your 
employment, a current New Zealand passport that is linked to an official online record of your Special 
Category visa, or a New Zealand passport that was current at the end of your employment, or if your 
passport had expired, the most recent expired New Zealand passport that you held at the time you 
entered Australia prior to working for the employer 
 Confirmation of Identity and Citizenship for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people  form where other 
documentation is not available.
Please note: your driver’s licence is not acceptable evidence of your citizenship or residency status. 
If submitting a paper form, you should include copies not originals. 
Other supporting documents 
We will usually rely on information provided by the insolvency practitioner using the company books and 
records to tell us what you were owed. If this is not possible we may request further information from you. 
Examples of the other types of documents that may help us to assess your claim include: 
 signed employment contract or letter of appointment 
 payslips 
 PAYG payment summaries 
 bank statements for the 13 weeks prior to the initial appointment of the insolvency practitioner (or if your 
employment ended before the appointment of the insolvency practitioner, bank statements for the 
13 week period prior to the end of your employment) 
 bank statements for the 30 days immediately after your employment ended 
 evidence of weekly or annual wage rate 
 separation certificate 
 letter of termination. Updated: September 2022 For information about how the department may use and disclose your personal information please refer to the 
Information Management provisions of the FEG Act (see ss. 42–45). 
Getting assistance 
The Australian Government does not charge a fee for submitting a FEG claim. You may nominate an 
alternative contact  or an agent  in your claim form. An alternative contact or an agent cannot submit a claim 
on your behalf; they may however help you complete your claim form. 
Alternative Contact 
If you nominate an alternative contact, they will be able to enquire and receive information from the 
department in relation to any and all aspects of your FEG claim without checking with you first. They may not 
perform other actions on your behalf. 
Agent 
When you nominate an agent to act as the primary contact the department will seek and accept information 
from them in relation to most aspects of your FEG claim without checking with you first.  
Agents can perform most functions relating to your FEG claim on your behalf except submitting a claim, 
providing us with your TFN declaration and changing your bank account details. 
Want more information? 
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you would like more information about how to make your claim or you are 
unsure about the types of supporting documentation to include. 
To contact the FEG Hotline: 
phone 1300 135 040 
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST)  
email FEG@dewr.gov.au
If you speak a language other than English, call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 13 14 50 for free 
help anytime. If you speak an Indigenous language, call the Aboriginal Interpreter Service on 1800 334 944. 
Further information about FEG is also available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-
guarantee).
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice 
relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, 
reliability, currency or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any 
action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this fact sheet. 

Page 1 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 How do I access FEG Online Services
Online lodgement is the easy way to make a claim for assistance under the Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG). 
Lodging a claim online also ensures that we receive your claim as soon as it is submitted. This fact sheet 
provides a step-by-step guide to using FEG Online Services.
Features of FEG Online Services 
FEG Online Services provides the following features: 
 lodge your FEG claim online 
 complete your tax file number declaration online 
 provide your bank details 
 upload supporting documentation 
 check the status of your claim 
 update your bank details 
 update your tax file number 
 update agent details 
 update entitlement details  
 update contact details 
 access letters the department has sent you 
 lodge a review of your FEG decision. 
If you have already lodged a paper based claim form you can still register for FEG Online Services to monitor 
your claim and access letters sent by the department. 
Section 1 – Registration and login 
1. To register go to FEG Online Services  and click Register .  
Page 2 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 2. Accurately complete all fields and then click Register . You must provide your legal first name, legal 
surname and date of birth for the purposes of registering for FEG Online Services. These details will flow 
through to any claim for FEG assistance you initiate. 
Note : Your registration email address is a unique identifier which your online services account is registered 
under. Once you have created an online services registration using a particular email address, no one else can 
use the same email address to register for FEG Online Services. 
3. Once your registration is successful a temporary password will be emailed to your nominated email 
address. 
Note: This is not your application for Fair Entitlement Guarantee (FEG).  To apply for FEG, use your email and 
password for FEG Online Services to sign in and make a claim. 
4. Return back to the Home page and select Sign In . Enter your email address and your temporary password 
and then click Sign in.
5. After successful login you will be prompted to change your temporary password. Your new password must 
contain a minimum of nine characters and may consist of a combination of: 
 1 uppercase letter (A-Z) 
 1 lowercase letter (a-z) 
 1 numeric character (0–9) 
Your password cannot be the same as any of your last 5 passwords.  
Page 3 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 6. Once you have successfully changed your password, you will receive a confirmation email and be taken to 
the FEG Online Services home page.  
You are now ready to start completing your FEG claim form. If you are not ready to start completing your FEG 
claim form you may sign out and, using your email address and new password, return at another time to start 
this process.
Trouble shooting tips 
1. I try to login to FEG Online Services and a ‘the details entered don’t match those on our system’ or ‘the 
Username/Login Id or Password that you have entered is incorrect’ error message displays 
Tip: When attempting to login for the first time, you must enter the email address you used to register for 
an online services account and the temporary password we emailed you following the registration 
process. Your password is case sensitive and the details must be an exact match. 
2. I can’t remember my password 
Tip: Go to the FEG Online Services  login page and click I have forgotten my password . You will then be 
prompted to enter your email address and your date of birth. We will then send you an email with a new 
temporary password which you will need to change the first time you attempt to login. 
3. My FEG Online Services account is locked 
Tip: If you enter an incorrect password 5 times, your account will be locked. If you have a locked account, 
you will need to select I have forgotten my password  and follow the steps outlined above. 
Page 4 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 Section 2 – How to lodge a FEG claim online 
1. Select Make a claim  to start a new claim form 
2. Enter the ABN or ACN of your former employer and select Check. If you do not know the ABN or ACN 
select the tick box and enter in the legal or trading name of your former employer. 
Note:  your former employer’s ABN or ACN can usually be found on your payslip, employment contract, PAYG 
tax payment summary or can be found using the ABN Lookup tool . 
You will not be made ineligible for FEG assistance if you are unable to accurately identify your employer’s legal 
name, but your claim may take longer to process. 
Page 5 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 3. Once you have selected Make a claim  you will be directed to the new claim form. 
Page 6 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 4. The FEG Claim Form is set out in parts. Once you complete a part, you need to click Save and Continue to 
navigate to the next part. To navigate between parts click Save and Exit  to return to the home screen, and 
select the part you wish to view or edit. 
It is important that you answer all of the questions unless they are marked as Optional. You will not be 
able to submit a claim if all the mandatory fields have not been completed.  
The question mark next to a question means there is help text available. Click on the question mark and 
the help text will appear on the right hand side of the screen. 
Page 7 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 Important! 
To be eligible for assistance under FEG you must be an Australian citizen or the holder of a permanent visa  
(ie your current visa allows you to live in Australia indefinitely) or special category visa (i.e. your current visa 
allows you to stay and work in Australia as long as you remain a New Zealand citizen) at the time your 
employment ended . 
Before assessment of your claim can commence, you must provide documentary evidence to support your 
claim that you were an Australian citizen or the holder of a permanent visa at the time your employment 
ended. If you do not provide this evidence your claim will not be effective and you will not be eligible for 
assistance under FEG.  
Acceptable evidence of your citizenship or residency status includes a copy of at least one of the following 
categories of documents: 
 Australian passport issued no later  than the date of the end of your employment 
 Full Australian Birth Certificate. Extracts of birth certificates are insufficient
 Australian Citizenship Certificate issued prior to the end of your employment. Including both sides if there 
is anything on the reverse side 
 ImmiCard that is linked to an official online record of your permanent Australian visa, and which confirms 
that the visa was issued prior to the end of your employment 
 Registration by Descent document 
 Where appropriate, for the purpose of proving you hold a permanent visa, a copy of a passport that is 
linked to an official online record of your permanent Australian visa, and which confirms that the visa was 
issued prior to the end of your employment; or a copy of the visa label from your passport ( passport 
details must be visible ); or a copy of the Visa Grant Notice that includes the details of your passport you 
used to apply for that visa 
 Where appropriate, for the purpose of proving you held a Special Category visa at the end of your 
employment, a current New Zealand passport that is linked to an official online record of your Special 
Category Visa, and which confirms that the visa was issued prior to the end of your employment, or a New 
Zealand passport that was current at the end of your employment or, if your passport had expired, the 
most recent expired New Zealand passport that you held at the time you entered Australia prior to 
working for the employer 
 Confirmation of Identity and Citizenship for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people where other 
documentation is not available. You should use the Confirmation of Identity and Citizenship form  which is 
available on the department’s website.  
 In circumstances where you are not able to provide any of the above categories of documents before the 
end of the legislated 12-month period for lodging your claim, a completed statutory declaration from you, 
verifying that you do not have and are unable to obtain such documents, and detailing the steps you 
propose to take to obtain a copy of the required document(s). You should use the Commonwealth 
statutory declaration form  which is available on the website of the Attorney-General’s Department. 
Please note: Your driver’s licence is not acceptable evidence of your citizenship or residency status. 
Where the name on the document does not match the name that you are claiming under you will also need to 
provide proof of the change of name by providing one of either: 
 Change of name certificate, or 
 Marriage certificate. 
Important: The department verifies the authenticity of the aforementioned mandatory documents that you 
provided by requesting confirmation of the document from the agency or organisation that issued the 
document.Page 8 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 5. To upload documentary evidence (and any other supporting documentation you wish to provide) go to the 
Mandatory & Additional Documents  tab. Click the greyed out field, select documents from your computer 
or drag and drop a document from your computer into this field. More than one file can be added at a 
time. A list of your uploaded attachments will be shown in this field after these steps have been 
completed.  
6. Complete the bank account details form. You will be asked to verify these details later on as part of the 
Bank Account Declaration.  
Page 9 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 7. We are authorised under the Taxation Administration Act 1953  to request your TFN. You are not required 
to provide your TFN. 
If you receive a FEG assistance payment and have provided your TFN, it will be taxed in accordance with a 
variation given to the department by the Australian Taxation Office (ATO). We are required to withhold 
tax from your FEG assistance at the top rate of tax if you do not provide your TFN or claim an exemption 
from providing your TFN.  
8. The Attachments Declaration page asks you to confirm that you have attached copies of evidence to prove 
you were an Australian citizen or the holder of a permanent or special category visa at the time your 
employment ended. Select Yes if you have attached the documents and then click Continue . If you have 
not attached your documents you should do so before submitting your claim otherwise your claim will not 
be effective and you will not be eligible for assistance under FEG.  
9. The next step you must complete is to carefully read the Privacy Notice and Personal Declaration. Once 
you have read this information you must, declare you have read the privacy notice, agree to the personal 
declaration, and enter your name.  
Page 10 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 10. After you have completed all parts of the FEG Claim Form and uploaded your attachments, you are ready 
to submit your claim. Before you submit your claim we strongly encourage you to review the information 
you have provided in your claim form to make sure it is correct.  
11. When you are ready to submit your claim click Save and Exit to return to the home screen.  
If you have not completed all the mandatory questions in a part of your claim form, the system will display 
a status of Start  or In Progress  to indicate that you need to complete that part. To navigate back to these 
sections you can click on each part to return to complete the question(s). 
12.  To submit your claim click the  Submit button. 
13. Once you have submitted your claim you will receive a confirmation message which will include your claim 
reference number. Please carefully record this information. Your claim reference number will also be 
emailed to you.  
Trouble shooting tips 
1. When I try to submit my claim, I receive a message that a claim with the same details already exists in the system. 
Tip: Before you are able to submit a claim the system will check that you have not already lodged a claim 
against the employer. If the system finds a matching claim, you will not be able to submit another claim 
and you will receive an error message.  
Please contact the FEG Hotline on 1300 135 040, Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST) or send an email to 
FEG@dewr.gov.au  if you want to check if we have already received your claim.  
2. I didn’t receive an email confirmation after submitting my claim 
Tip: You may not have received email confirmation because the email address you entered is incorrect or due to 
technical issues being experienced with the system. Please contact the FEG Hotline on 1300 135 040 or send an 
email to FEG@dewr.gov.au  to confirm your claim has been submitted successfully. 
3. I can’t upload my attachments 
Tip: Each individual file that you attach must be no more than 5MB. You can attach files up to a total of 
20MB to your claim form. Not all file types are accepted for upload. Acceptable formats are doc, docx, txt, 
xls, pdf, jpg, gif, tif, tiff, xml or ppt. If the file that you are trying to upload is not one of these file types 
then you will not be able to submit it online. You can either save the file in one of our supported file types 
or send it via email to FEG@dewr.gov.au  (or FEGreviews@dewr.gov.au  if the attachments relate to a 
review you have lodged). Please make sure you also include your full name, date of birth and claim 
reference number in your email so we can process the additional information as quickly as possible. 
Page 11 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 Section 3 – How to track the progress of your FEG claim 
Now that you have submitted your claim, you can track the status of your claim using FEG Online Services. 
1. First you will need to login to FEG Online Services . If you submitted your claim online your claim will 
automatically be linked to your FEG Online Services account. If you submitted a paperbased claim form 
you will need to link your claim to your account.  
2. To link your claim to your account click Link a claim , enter your claim reference number (this can be found 
on your FEG Acknowledgement Letter ), name and date of birth and then click Save .  
3. Once you have successfully attached the claim to your account, the claim will be listed as an existing claim 
linked to your account. You can now check the status of your claim, view and add attachments, update 
your bank account details, agent details, entitlement details, contact details, submit your tax file number 
declaration online (if you haven’t done so already) and access letters we have sent you.  
Page 12 of 12 
Updated: July 2023 4. To check the status of your claim click Actions and select  Track Claim from the drop down. The claim 
status bar will now appear. This helps you check how your claim is progressing and includes useful 
information about what each stage involves.  
Trouble shooting tips 
1. My claim has not progressed to the next step since I last checked 
Tip: We aim to process your claim as quickly as possible but the time it takes us to complete your claim is 
dependant on the demand for the scheme and the complexity of your claim. We aim to process a claim 
within 16 weeks of receiving an effective claim. 
2. I am unable to check the status of my claim on FEG Online Services 
Tip: You will be able to track the status of your claim immediately after submission. If you are unable to 
link your claim to your account using your claim reference number please contact the FEG Hotline for 
further assistance on 1300 135 040. 
Want more information? 
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you want further information about using FEG Online Services:
 phone 1300 135 040   
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST) 
 email FEG@dewr.gov.au
If you speak a language other than English, call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 13 14 50 for free 
help anytime. If you speak an Indigenous language, call the Aboriginal Interpreter Services on 1800 334 944 . 
Further information about FEG is also available on the FEG website . 
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice 
relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, 
reliability, currency or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any  
action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this factsheet. 


Updated: July 2023 Eligibility for FEG assistance
This fact sheet provides information about the eligibility requirements for the Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG). 
The Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG) is a scheme of last resort that provides financial assistance for unpaid 
entitlements to eligible employees when their employee enters liquidation or bankruptcy. FEG assistance is only 
available where there is no other source of funds to pay employment entitlements to eligible employees 
retrenched due to insolvency of the employer. 
For information about what assistance is available please refer to the What assistance can FEG provide ? 
fact sheet available on the FEG website (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
The FEG Act
Decisions about eligibility for FEG assistance are made in accordance with the Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 
2012 (FEG Act). FEG may apply to a person if their employer enters liquidation or bankruptcy and the person 
has certain unpaid employment entitlements owing to them. For information about what assistance is 
available please refer to the What assistance can FEG provide ? fact sheet available on the FEG website
(www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
Am I eligible?
Subject to certain exclusions, you will be eligible for FEG assistance under the FEG Act if: 
 your employment has ended 
 your former employer entered liquidation or bankruptcy (known as an ‘insolvency event’) on or after 
5 December 2012 
 the end of your employment: 
- was due to the insolvency of your employer, or 
- occurred less than 6 months before the appointment of an insolvency practitioner for the employer, or 
- occurred on or after the appointment of an insolvency practitioner for the employer 
 you are owed employment entitlements 
 you have taken reasonable steps to prove those debts in the winding up or bankruptcy of the employer 
 if you were owed employment entitlements before the insolvency event occurred, you took reasonable 
steps to have them paid 
 at the time your employment ended, you were an Australian citizen or, under the Migration Act 1958,  the 
holder of a permanent visa (i.e. your current visa allows you to live in Australia indefinitely) or special 
category visa (i.e. your current visa allows you to stay and work in Australia as long as you remain a New 
Zealand citizen) 
 you have made an effective claim (see s. 14). 
You must meet all of the above requirements to be eligible for FEG assistance. 
Updated: July 2023 Exclusions from eligibility
FEG is a scheme for employees only. Other classes of workers, for example contractors and sub-contractors, 
are not eligible for assistance. Contract outworkers in the textile clothing and footwear industry may be 
covered under a special scheme for employees in that industry. 
Some classes of employees are also ineligible for FEG assistance. You will be ineligible for assistance under the 
FEG Act if: 
 you are an excluded employee (as defined by the Corporations Act 2001 )  
 you converted from contractor status to employee status with the same employer within 6 months of the 
insolvency event or the end of employment 
 your former employer was within the scope of the Special Employee Entitlement Scheme for Ansett Group 
Employees. 
Making an effective claim
You must make an effective claim to be eligible for FEG assistance. It is important that you submit your claim 
as soon as possible because FEG has strict time limits. 
To make an effective claim, you must:  
 lodge a FEG claim form
 include all mandatory information and documentation requested on the form
 lodge your claim no more than 12 months after the end of your employment or the date of the insolvency 
event (whichever is later) and
 lodge your claim before the discharge of your former employer’s bankruptcy (if your employer was a bankrupt).
If your claim is not made within this timeframe, or does not include all required information and 
documentation, it will not be effective and you will not be eligible for FEG assistance. 
For more information about lodging a FEG claim form, please refer to the How do I apply for FEG assistance
fact sheet available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee).
How can you help?
While information provided by the insolvency practitioner is generally relied upon, it is important that you 
provide as much information as possible to decide if you are eligible for FEG assistance and, if so, to work out 
the amount of assistance you are eligible for. 
For more information about the type of information you should provide please refer to the How do I apply for 
FEG assistance  fact sheet available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee). 
Want more information?
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you would like more information about eligibility for FEG assistance. To 
contact the FEG Hotline: 
 1300 135 040 
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST)  
 email FEG@dewr.gov.au . Updated: July 2023 If you speak a language other than English, call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 13 14 50 for free 
help anytime. If you speak an Indigenous language, call the Aboriginal Interpreter Service on 1800 334 944. 
Further information is also available on the FEG website  (www.dewr.gov.au/fair-entitlements-guarantee).
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the 
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Act 2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice 
relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, 
reliability, currency or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any 
action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this fact sheet. 

 
  Updated: September 2022   
The role of an Agent  
This fact sheet provides information about nominating an agent to act on a claimant’s behalf. Agents can 
assist claimants to seek assistance under the Fair Entitlements Guarantee (FEG).   
Agent permissions  
What an agent can do 
Agents can perform most funct ions relating to a FEG claim. Once a claimant nominates an agent, t he 
department will seek and accept information from them in relation to most aspects of a FEG claim without 
checking with the claimant first.  
Agent s: 
• will be able to view all information a bout a claim, including the Tax File Number (TFN) declaration  
• can also track claim progress, view and add attachments to a FEG claim via FEG Online Services  
• will receive correspondence from FEG in addition to or instead of the claimant where authorised 
by the claimant.  
What an agent can’t do  
Agent s are  not permitted to : 
• lodge a claim on another person’s behalf  
• provide the department with a claimant’s TFN declaration, or  
• change a claimant’s bank account details.  
Note: agents can not submit a claim on another person’s behalf, they  may help claimants  complete the ir claim 
form.  The agent must be identified in the claim form as having assisted the claimant to lodge a claim.  The 
person making a claim for assistance under the FEG remain s responsible for any information provided to the 
department in relation to their claim by the agent they nominate.  
Nominating an agent  
Who can nominate an agent?  
Only a person who is making or has made a claim for FEG assistance can nominate an agent to a ct on their behalf.  
How to nominate an agent  
There are a number of ways to nominate an agent, including:  
• within a FEG claim form  in the department’s FEG Online Services or using the hard copy FEG claim form  
• in the Update Agent details section of FEG Online  Services  
• using an Alternative contact and a gent nomination form (if unable to use FEG Online Services ) 
• when lodging an Application for an Internal Review form.  
 
  Updated: September 2022  Note:  where a claimant only wishes for the person to be able to make enquiries and receive information in 
relation to their FEG claim they should nominate an ‘alternative contact’ rather than an agent. Claimants can 
nominate an alternative contact through one o f the four options listed above.  
Replacing or removing an agent  
Claimant can nominate only one person to act as their agent. To remove an agent use the Update Agent 
details section in FEG Online Services or email FEG at FEG@dewr.gov.au . 
What does an agent need to do  
When claimants nominate an agent, the agent will need to create their own account in FEG Online Services. They 
must then link the account to the claimant’s claim form . To link an account, the agent’s legal first name and legal 
surname used to register on FEG Online Services must match the agent details provided by the claimant.  
Where an agent does not register an account using FEG Online Services, they can provide 
information/documents to the department in w riting by:  
• sending it to:  
Fair Entitlements Guarantee Branch  
Department  of Employment and Workplace Relations  
GPO Box 9828  
CANBERRA  ACT 260 1 
• emailing it to FEG@dewr.gov.au  
Want more information?  
You can contact the FEG Hotline if you would like more information about the role of an agent.  
To contact the FEG Hotline:  
• phone 1300  135 040 
Mon - Fri, 9 am - 5 pm (AEST/ADST)  
• email FEG@dewr.gov.au  
If you speak a language other than En glish, call the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) on 13  14 50 for free 
help anytime. If you speak an Indigenous language, call the Aboriginal Interpreter Service on 1800 334 944 . 
Further information about FEG is also available on the FEG website  (www.de wr.gov.au/fair -entitlements -
guarantee ). 
The information contained in this fact sheet is of a general nature and explains, in summary form, the intended operation of the 
Fair Entitle ments Guarantee Act  2012  - it is not legal advice. Where necessary, you should seek your own independent legal advice 
relevant to your particular circumstances. The Commonwealth does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy, 
reliability, currency or completeness of the information contained in this fact sheet and is not liable for any loss resulting from any  
action taken or reliance made by you on the information contained in this fact  sheet . 
 