 
Fact Sheet – How to appeal a decision of the Federal 
Safety Commissioner 
The Scheme 
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme 
(the Scheme) was established by the Australian 
Government to improve safety in the building and 
construction industry by using its influence as a 
client and provider of capital to foster enhanced 
safety performance. 
The Scheme operates such that only ‘builders’ who 
are accredited under the Scheme can enter into 
head contracts for ‘building work’ that is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Australian 
Government, subject to certain thresholds. 
 
Authority for the Scheme 
The Scheme and the role of the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (FSC) is established by the Federal 
Safety Commissioner Act 2022  and the Federal 
Safety Commissioner (Accreditation Scheme) 
Amendment Rules 2023 (the Rules).  
The process for appealing decisions of the FSC is 
outlined in Division 9 of the Rules. 
 
Decisions Made by the Federal 
Safety Commissioner 
The FSC makes a range of decisions under the 
Rules related to the accreditation of contractors, 
the imposition of accreditation conditions and 
compliance actions.  
Where the FSC makes a decision that is reviewable 
under the Rules an “Affected Person” may seek a 
review of that decision if they do not agree with it.  
 
 The following decisions of the FSC are reviewable. 
Table 1 – Reviewable decisions 
Decision  Provisions 
To refuse to accredit Section 8(1) 
To accredit for less than 
6 years Section 8(1) 
To impose a condition 
on an accreditation Section 16(1)  
or paragraph 18(1)(a) 
 
To suspend an 
accreditation Paragraph 18(1)(b) 
To revoke an  
accreditation Paragraph 18(1)(c) or 
subsection 18(2) 
To refuse to cancel an 
accreditation on 
request Section 21 
All reviewable decisions made by the FSC will be 
outlined in writing to the relevant applicant or 
accredited company and include information on 
how a review may be sought. 
 
Affected Persons 
You may be an affected person if you have a 
relevant financial or proprietary interest over and 
beyond that of the general public, and this interest 
has been or will be affected by the decision of the 
FSC. 
Affected persons are not limited to applicants for 
accreditation or accredited contractors.   
If you believe that you are an affected person, you 
may wish to formally request a review of the 
reviewable decision. 
  
      
Fact Sheet  – Applying the Scheme to Directly 
funded building work  
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  
(the Scheme)  operates such that, subject to certain 
thresholds, only builders  who are accredited under 
the Scheme can enter into head contracts for 
building work funded directly or indirectly by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity . 
The information with in this factsheet and the 
flowchart at Appendix 1  can assist organisations in 
understanding whether the Scheme applies to 
individual projects.  
For more information on what constitutes building 
work , refer to our fact sheet Definition s of 
‘Builder’ and ‘Building Work’. For further 
information on the Scheme and how it applies to 
indirectly funded building work, refer to the fact 
sheets Applying the Scheme to indirectly funded 
building work  and Contracting for Australian 
Government funded building work. 
What is directly funded building work?  
Projects are considered to be directly funded 
where an Australian Government Agency has 
responsibility for the project funding and 
development.  
Directly funded building work includes projects 
where the Australian Government enters into 
contracts with persons who:  
• will carry out the building work; or  
• may arrange for building work to be carried 
out. 
This includes building work that the Australian 
Government facilitates directly by agreement, for 
example, B uild Own Operate (BOO), Build Own 
Operate Transfer (BOOT), and pre -commitment 
leases. All pre -commitment leases are covered by 
the Scheme, and where they are funded by the 
Australian Government, the direct threshold will 
apply.  
Examples of directly funded building work include:   
• a new Medicare office  
• Department of Defence facilities  • a fit-out or refurbishment of existing Australian 
Government office accommodation.  
What thresholds apply to directly funded 
building work?  
The Scheme applies to all projects  that are directly 
funded by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  which include building 
work . An accredited builder must be engaged if a 
‘head contract for building work’ under the project 
has a value of at least $4 million (GST inclusive).  
An accredited builder will not be required  to 
undertake building  work  under the project  if the 
value of the ‘head contract for building work’ is 
below the specified direct funding threshold.  
The flowchart at Appendix 1  provides further 
assistan ce in determining whether an accredited 
builder must be engaged for a project.  
What is a head contract for building work?  
A ‘head contract for building work’ is the highest 
level contract or funding agreement enacted for a 
project that includes building wo rk and where the 
entity entering into the contract  or agreement  
undertakes the building work themselves. This 
entity is defined as  a ‘builder’ for the purposes of 
the Scheme .  
The total value of the contract or agreement must 
be considered when establishin g whether the 
$4 million threshold has been reached, regardless 
of the value of the building works component of 
the contract or agreement.  
Where a n Australian Government Agency enters 
into a contract or funding agreement to complete 
a project that includes  building work , but that 
entity will not be undertaking the building work 
themselves  (for example a contract entered into 
with a Project Management company) , this 
contract  or agreement is  not considered to be a 
‘head contract for building work’. For this p roject, 
the ‘head contract for building work’ will sit at a 
lower contractual level dependent on who is 
engaged to undertake the building work. The 

  Fact Sheet  – Applying the Scheme to indirectly 
funded building work
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  
(the Scheme) operates such that, subject to certain 
thresholds, only builders  who are accredited under 
the Scheme can enter into head contracts for 
building  work funded directly or indirectly by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity . 
The information withi n this factsheet and the 
flowchart at Appendix 1  can assist organisations in 
understanding whether the Scheme applies to 
individual projects.  
For more information on what constitutes building 
work, refer to our fact sheet Definition s of 
‘Builder’ and ‘ Building Work’. For further 
information on the Scheme and how it applies to 
directly funded building work, refer to the fact 
sheets Applying the Scheme to Directly funded 
building work  and Contracting for Australian 
Government funded building work. 
What is in directly funded building work?  
Projects are considered indirectly funded where 
the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  contributes funding  to a 
recipient through a funding agreement, grant or 
other program . The recipient, such as a state 
government, council or private company, may 
carry out the work themselves or contract with a 
person who:  
• will carry out building work; or  
• will arrange for building work to be carried 
out. 
This includes building work funded by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity  through a funding agreement or grant, for 
example,  Build Own Operate (BOO), Build Own 
Operate Transfer (BOOT),  and pre -construction 
agreement s. All pre -construction  agreement s are 
covered by the Scheme, and where they are 
funded by the  Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  through an agreement or 
grant,  the indirect thresholds will apply.  
 Examples of indirectly funded building work 
include:  
• road construction  projects funded by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity.  
• a new school built by a state or territory 
government using funding provided by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity . 
Are there any indirectly funded projects 
the Schem e does not apply to?  
The Scheme does not apply to projects indirectly 
funded by  the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  if: 
• the building work is prescribed under 
section  26 of the Building and Construction 
Industry  (Improving Productivity) 
(Accreditation Scheme) Rules 2019; or  
• the value of the funding contribution made by 
the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity  to the project  or the  
value of the  ‘head contract  for building work’  
is below the specified indirect  funding 
thresholds  (see below) . 
What thresholds apply to indirectly 
funded building work?  
The thresholds under the Scheme for indirectly 
funded building work apply at both the project and 
contract /funding agreement  level. Determining 
whether an accredited builder is required to 
undertake building work  under a project  involves a 
two-step process.  
The first step is to establish the value  of funding 
provided by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity to support a project. A 
project include s all the activities  that are 
encompassed by a separate funding arrangement 
including any building work. If the contribution to 
the project by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity is:  

 
Fact Sheet - Advice for funding recipients: Applying 
the Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  
The Australian Government is committed to 
improving workplace health and safety (WHS) in 
the building and construction industry.  
As a funding recipient you may be obliged to 
engage a builder who has been accredited under 
the WHS Accreditation Scheme (the Scheme) or 
become accredited yourself if you undertake 
building work. The Scheme is established under 
the Federal Safety Commissioner Act 2022  (the 
Act) supported by the Federal Safety Commissioner 
(Accreditation Scheme) Amendment Rules 2023  
(the Rules). This fact sheet outlines your 
responsibilities and how to meet them. 
How the Scheme affects you 
Under the Act, Australian Government agencies 
can only fund ‘building work’ when, subject to 
thresholds, an accredited builder is engaged. 
If an Australian Government agency or corporate 
Commonwealth entity has provided you with 
funding for building work, your funding agreement 
should include a clause requiring that contracts for 
building work are only entered into with 
accredited builders when the project is captured 
under the Scheme and the financial thresholds are 
met.  
The Australian Government will be unable to make 
funds available to you should an unaccredited 
builder be engaged.  
Subcontractors, project managers, architects, 
designers and other parties not undertaking 
building work do not require accreditation. 
Financial thresholds 
The Scheme applies to projects that are indirectly 
funded by the Australian Government where a 
head contract under the project includes building 
work and is valued at $4 million or more (GST 
inclusive) AND:  
 the value of the Australian Government 
contribution to the project is at least $6 million 
and represents at least 50 per cent of the total 
construction project value; or  the Australian Government contribution to a 
project is $10 million (including GST) or more, 
irrespective of the proportion of Australian 
Government funding. 
More information on the application of the 
financial thresholds and when an accredited 
builder must be engaged is available in the fact 
sheet ‘Applying the Scheme to indirectly funded 
building work ’. 
Engaging a builder 
If you are not a builder and intend to engage 
another entity to do the building work where the 
value of the contract is expected to meet the 
thresholds, you should ensure that: 
 your tender documentation and contracts for 
building work state that the Scheme applies to the 
project, and 
 the builder will need to be accredited and remain 
accredited under the Scheme in order to perform 
the work.  
The Office of the Federal Safety Commissioner 
(OFSC) provides Model Clauses for use by funding 
recipients for these purposes. The Model Clauses 
are available at www.fsc.gov.au .  
While the model clauses are recommended, they 
are not mandatory. Funding recipients and others 
may substitute these model clauses with their 
own, providing that the replacement clauses 
achieve at least the same effect of the model 
clause.  
A list of accredited builders is also available at 
www.fsc.gov.au . 
  
    
  Fact Sheet - Advice to Agencies: Applying the Work 
Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme 
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme is 
established under the Federal Safety Commissioner 
Act 2022 (the Act) and specified in the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (Accreditation Scheme) Amendment 
Rules 2023  (the Rules). 
The Act places specific legal obligations on 
Commonwealth funding agencies as clients of the 
building and construction industry. These obligations 
exist whether building work is procured directly by 
the funding agency, or indirectly through funding 
arrangements with third parties, such as national 
partnership agreements and other programmes.   
All staff involved in the procurement of building work 
must understand these obligations and ensure that 
tender documentation, funding agreements, and 
building contracts reflect Scheme requirements.  
What is the purpose of the 
Scheme? 
The Scheme is administered by the Office of the 
Federal Safety Commissioner (OFSC) and enables the 
Australian Government to use its influence as a major 
construction client and provider of capital to improve 
the WHS performance of the building and 
construction industry. The objective of the Scheme is 
to foster a culture in the building and construction 
industry where no one is harmed. 
The Scheme operates such that, subject to certain 
thresholds, only principal/head contractors who are 
accredited under the Scheme can enter into contracts 
for building work that are funded directly or 
indirectly  by the Australian Government.  
 
The Act, in particular, provides that a Government 
agency or authority must not fund building work 
unless the contract entered into for building work is 
with an accredited company. Section 26(g) of the Rules outlines provisions applying to joint venture 
arrangements that include accredited and 
unaccredited builders. Please refer to “Joint venture 
arrangements” below. 
A list of accredited companies is available on the OFSC 
website at www.fsc.gov.au . 
Agencies should note that where a non-accredited 
company is engaged by a funding agency, or by third 
party funding recipient, this may result in the funding 
agency being in breach of Scheme requirements. 
What is directly funded building 
work?  
Building work is considered to be directly funded 
where an Australian Government agency is the direct 
client of the building and construction industry.  This 
includes instances when an agency undertakes the 
procurement process directly, or engages a third 
party representative to undertake the process on 
their behalf. Pre-commitment leases and similar 
arrangements are also considered direct funding 
arrangements.  
Typical examples of directly funded projects would 
include the Department of Defence constructing a 
new military facility or another agency arranging for 
the construction of a new office or a fit out of an 
existing building. 
An accredited builder must be engaged for all building 
work directly funded by the Commonwealth with a 
contract value of $4 million or more (GST Inclusive).  
What is indirectly funded 
building work?  
Building work is considered indirectly funded where 
the Australian Government contributes funding to a 
third party recipient, such as a state government, 

      Fact Sheet – Complaints Process 
The Federal Safety 
Commissioner 
The Federal Safety Commissioner (FSC) works 
to improve the safety culture of the building 
and construction industry through 
consultation, collaboration and 
communication with both industry and their 
Australian Government clients. In order to 
achieve a high level of service delivery and 
ensure stakeholder satisfaction we welcome 
feedback and see it as an opportunity to 
improve our processes. 
 
What is a complaint? 
For the purposes of the FSC complaints 
process, a complaint is a written expression of 
dissatisfaction signed and submitted using the 
Complaints Form template. The Complaints 
Form has a declaration which allows the Office 
of the Federal Safety Commissioner (OFSC) to 
explore the nature and history of the 
complaint and provides a declaration from the 
complainant that the information is true and 
correct. 
 
A complaint may relate to: 
 Health and safety issues of building and 
construction companies 
 Accreditation, auditing or compliance 
processes 
 Conduct of an OFSC employee or a Federal 
Safety Officer. 
 
When to make a complaint 
If you are not satisfied with the service you 
have received from the OFSC we would 
appreciate knowing the details and nature of 
the issue. Through investigating complaints, 
the OFSC has an opportunity to improve our 
service to you and others.  
 Appealing a decision of the FSC 
Separate arrangements are in place to cover 
appeals against a decision of the FSC. The process is 
detailed in our fact sheet:  How to appeal a decision 
of the Federal Safety Commissioner . 
 
How to provide feedback to the 
OFSC  
You can provide feedback to the OFSC through your 
OFSC Audit Officer, the Assist Line or through the 
OFSC email account (details can be found at the 
bottom of this factsheet).  
 
In order for feedback to be considered as a formal 
complaint and formally investigated, the 
Complaints Form must be used. 
Protected information under the 
FSC Act 
Information collected for the purposes of the 
Federal Safety Commissioner Act 2022  (the Act) is 
protected under the Act and the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (Accreditation Scheme) Amendment 
Rules 2023. Disclosure of this information is very 
limited and permitted in very restricted 
circumstances. Information collected by the OFSC 
in connection with a complaint will be handled in 
accordance with all applicable laws and will only be 
used for the purposes of investigating the 
complaint. 
 
Process of handling complaints 
When the OFSC receives a complaint, we will: 
 acknowledge receipt of the complaint 
within five working days 
 
       
 
Fact Sheet  – Corrective Action Reports (CARs) and 
the auditing process  
As part of the Work Health and Safety 
Accreditation Scheme  (the Scheme) , companies 
are required to undergo audits to become 
accredited and to maintain accreditation. Audits 
are undertaken against the Federal Safety 
Commissioner’s Audit Criteria (the Criteria). Where 
a company’s documented Work Health and Safety 
Management System (WHSMS)  does not meet the 
Criteria, or a company does not follow its safety 
system a Correc tive Action Report (CAR) will be 
raised. This fact sheet outlines what constitutes a 
CAR, how companies shoul d address them, and 
how a  company can dispute a CAR . 
What is a corrective action?  
A CAR is a finding made by a Federal Safety Officer 
(FSO) during an audit that a company’s WHSMS  
fails to meet the requirement s of the Criteria  
and/or the company has not followed its WHSMS .  
When a CAR is raised,  the compan y need s to take  
corrective action  to ensure its WHSMS  fully meets 
the Criter ia and is being implemented on  site.  
What types of corrective actions are 
there?  
There are two levels of CARs that can be raised at 
an audit by an FSO .  
1. A major non -conformance CAR is raised 
where : 
• A company ’s WHSMS contains no 
documented process  or system  which 
meets the Criteria, or 
• the company’s WHSMS fails to meet the 
Criteria in a substantial way , or 
• there is no evidence a company’s WHSMS 
is being implemented onsite , or 
• a company has failed to implement its 
WHSMS onsite in a substantial way.  A CAR will not be raised where a company’s 
WHSMS meets the Criteria, but no evidence of 
implementation is available because the relevant 
work has not yet been undertaken onsite.  
2. A minor non -conformance CAR is raised  
where : 
• a company’s WHSMS fails to meet the 
Criteria in a minor way , or 
• a company has failed to implement its 
WHSMS onsite in a minor way.  
Opportunity For Improvement  
An Opportunity for Improvement (OFI) is a 
suggestion ma de by a FSO to  a company to  further 
improve a WHSMS  which meets the Criteria that is 
being fully implemented on site. An OFI will not be 
raised if a non -conformance with the Criteria is 
identified.  
Companies are not required to adopt or close out 
OFIs. The y are suggested improvements only.  
 
How should corrective actions be 
addressed?  
Companies are required to take remedial action to 
address CARs raised at audits.  
Companies must provide the OFSC with an Action 
Plan detailing the steps it will take to update  safety 
systems or onsite practices to address all CARs. 
The Action Plan must specify who is responsible 
for specific actions to address the CAR by a 
specified date. Companies  should submit an Action 
Plan  to the OFSC within 30 days of an audit report 
bein g released to a company.  
Action Plans are reviewed by the OFSC . Companies 
shoul d take prompt action to address the CAR . The 
OFSC will contact a company if it is concerned 
proposed actions to address a CAR are inadequate.  

      
 Fact Sheet – Definitions of ‘Builder’ and ‘Building 
Work’ 
The Scheme  
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme 
(the Scheme) is established under the Federal 
Safety Commissioner Act 2022 (the Act) and is 
designed to improve Work, Health and Safety 
(WHS) in the building and construction industry.   
Subject to financial thresholds, only ‘builders’ who 
are accredited under the Scheme can enter into 
head contracts for building work that is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Commonwealth or a 
corporate Commonwealth entity.  
Definition of a ‘Builder’ 
The Act defines a builder, in relation to ‘building 
work’, as ‘a person who carries out any of the 
building work’. 
A project or contract manager, or developer who 
carries out ‘building work’ will be required to 
obtain accreditation in order to undertake projects 
covered by the Scheme.   
However, where a project manager, contract 
manager or developer is not carrying out building 
work, they will not require accreditation. In these 
circumstances, they will be required to engage an 
accredited builder to carry out the ‘building work’. 
Definition of ‘Building Work’ 
Building work for Scheme purposes means the: 
 construction 
 alteration 
 extension 
 restoration 
 repair 
 demolition 
 dismantling 
 
of any buildings, structures or works that form, or 
are to form, part of land, whether or not they are 
permanent. Any of these activities carried out on 
railways (not including rolling stock) and docks is 
also building work. 
 Building work is also any activities which involve 
the installation in any buildings, structures or 
works of fittings, including:  
 heating 
 lighting 
 air-conditioning 
 ventilation 
 power supply 
 drainage 
 sanitation 
 water supply 
 fire protection 
 security 
 communications systems 
 
Finally, building work is any operations to prepare, 
or to complete, any of the building activities listed 
above, including, for example: 
 
 site clearance 
 earth-moving 
 excavation 
 tunnelling 
 boring 
 laying of foundations 
 erection, maintenance and dismantling of 
scaffolding 
 on-site prefabrication of made-to-order 
components to form part of any building, 
structure or works 
 site restoration 
 landscaping 
 roadways and other access works 
What is not included as ‘Building Work’? 
The Act and Rules include provisions that excludes 
certain types of work from being included in the 
definition of ‘building work’. These works are not 
captured under the Scheme and may be 
undertaken by an unaccredited builder. They 
include the following: 
  
       
Fact Sheet  – Federal Safety Officers (FSOs)
Who are FSOs?  
Federal Safety Officers (FSOs) are consultants 
engaged by the Office of the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (OFSC) to conduct audits under the  
Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme . 
How are they selected?  
FSOs are selected through a tender process run  
periodically by the OFSC. Tenders are assessed on  a 
number of mandatory criteria including Registrar  
Accreditation Board Quality Society of Australasia  
(RABQSA) lead auditor certification and extensive  
building and construction industry experience.  The 
Federal Safety Commissioner (FSC) also looks  for 
personal qualities like excellent c ommunication  
skills and the ability to build rel ationships and work  
collaboratively.  
How are they engaged to the 
OFSC?  
Once they have been selected through the tender  
process, FSOs undergo a two stage engagement  
process. Firstly, they are engaged as consultants to 
the Department  of Employment and Workplace 
Relations  and by way of a Deed of Standing Offer 
(as set out  in the tender). Following this, they are 
appointed as  FSOs by the FSC under a legislative 
instrument, giving  them the legal authority to 
enter sites and conduct  audit s on behalf of the FSC.  
What happens once they are 
engaged?  
Before under taking audits on behalf of the FSC, 
new  FSOs are required to undergo an induction 
process, and  are subject to an initial observation 
program. Initially,  new FSOs only conduct post 
accreditation audits rather  than accreditation 
audits, and these are observed by  a member of the 
OFSC. The OFSC provides new FSOs  with feedback 
based on these observations, and also  reviews and 
provides any necessary feedback on their  audit 
reports. Once the O FSC is satisfied new FSOs are  
conducting audits to the required standard, the 
FSOs  can conduct accreditation audits.  
How are they selected for 
individual audits?  FSOs are part of a panel arrangement and there 
are a  number of factors that determine which FS O 
is selected  to conduct any given audit.  These 
include:  
• Audit location  
• Audit length  
• FSO availability  
• Type of audit (for example, if the audit is to 
follow up corrective actions, it’s preferable to 
engage the same FSO who conducted the 
original audit)  
What  are their obligations?  
All FSOs are required to abide by the General 
Directions  to FSOs issued by the Federal Safety 
Commissioner.  These Directions also refer to the 
FSO Code of Conduct,  which outlines the 
behaviours that the FSC expects  FSOs to uphold 
when conducting audits on behalf of  the FSC. FSOs 
are also required to carry an ID card for  formal 
identification purposes.  
The FSC is keen to ensure that the audit process is  
conducted in a collaborative way. As such, FSOs 
are expected to be courte ous, professional and 
helpful.  The FSO conducting your audit should 
ensure you  understand any issues that are 
detected and then  explain what is required under 
OFSC accreditation.  
It is important to be aware that FSOs are not 
meant  as a substitute for a W HS manager or 
consultant.  Companies being audited are expected 
to have a strong  knowledge of their W HS system 
and processes, as well  as the requirements of the 
Scheme.  
How does the OFSC ensure FSOs 
meet their obligations?  
All FSOs are periodically observed t o ensure that  
the Scheme criteria are being applied consistently,  
and that FSOs are conducting audits in line with 
FSC requirements. All audit reports are reviewed 
by the  OFSC to further ensure audit consistency.   
FSO forums are held periodically  and are a n 
opportunity for FSOs to discuss issues, lessons 
learnt  and positive experiences with the OFSC.  

  
Fact Sheet – How to Get Accredited and Stay 
Accredited 
The accreditation process 
Accreditation involves a three-stage process – an 
initial application, systems validation review and 
an on-site audit process. The Office of the Federal 
Safety Commissioner (OFSC) does not charge 
companies for accreditation or ongoing audits. 
Applying for Accreditation 
All companies are required to submit an 
application as the first stage in the accreditation 
process. The application form requires company 
information, project details of sites where the 
company is the head contractor and a system map 
of where the company’s system meets the 
requirements of each audit criterion. 
Once the application is submitted, the OFSC will 
forward a further declaration to the company for 
signature. This declaration confirms that the 
company will comply with the National 
Construction Code where applicable to any work it 
undertakes. 
A company will progress to the systems validation 
review stage once all information has been 
provided and reviewed. Applications from 
companies in a tender for a Scheme project will be 
prioritised where possible. 
Systems Validation audit 
Once your application has been assessed, the OFSC 
will contact the company to arrange a Systems 
Validation audit to assess the company’s WHS 
Management System against the WHS 
Accreditation Scheme (the Scheme) criteria. The 
audit will be conducted by a Federal Safety Officer 
(FSO). FSOs are independent, external WHS 
experts contracted by the OFSC. The arrangements for the audit will be negotiated 
with the company and it may be undertaken 
virtually or at a company’s premises. The audit will 
establish whether there are any gaps in the 
company’s WHS Management System that prevent 
it from demonstrating compliance with the 
Scheme criteria. 
Following the Systems Validation audit, you will be 
provided with a detailed report describing where 
the criteria has been met and detailing any gaps 
that have been identified. The report is usually 
provided around 10 business days after the audit. 
The OFSC will then advise whether the company 
can proceed to Stage 3 or requires a further 
Systems Validation audit.  
On-site audit 
Subject to satisfactory progression under Stage 2, 
the company’s WHS Management Systems are 
verified at an on-site audit. On-site audits are 
detailed audits conducted by FSO usually over two 
days. The criterion used for these audits is 
available at fsc.gov.au.  
The OFSC selects the site for audit based on the 
details provided in the application and liaises with 
companies to determine an audit date. The sites 
provided must be sites where the company’s WHS 
Management System is being implemented. 
The OFSC will organise for an FSO to conduct the 
audit, after which the company will receive an 
audit notification letter together with the criteria 
to be assessed at the audit. All the information 
provided by the OFSC should be reviewed in order 
to prepare for the audit. The OFSC also 
recommends that this information is 
communicated to the relevant staff working on the 
project site being audited. 

 
      
 
Fact Sheet  – International Companies and the 
Accreditation Process  
When is accreditation 
required?  
Subject to certain financial thresholds, only 
builders who are accredited under the Work 
Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  (the 
Scheme)  can enter into head contracts for 
building work that is funded directly or indirectly 
by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity . 
An accredited builder must be engaged for directly 
funded head contracts , which include  building work 
with a value of  at least $4 million  (GST inclusive) .  
The Scheme a lso a pplies to projects that are 
indire ctly funded by the Commonwealth or a 
corpor ate Commonwealth entity . An accredited 
builder must be engaged  for head contract s, which 
include building work with a value of at least $4 
million or more (GST inclusive),  AND :  
• the contribution to the  funding of the  project 
by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity is at least $6 million 
(including GST) and represents at least 50 per 
cent of the total funding ; OR 
• the contribution to the funding of the  project  
by the Commonwealth or  a corpo rate 
Commonwealth entity  is at least $10 million 
(including GST) . 
What is the accreditation 
process?  
An application for accreditation must be lodged 
using FSC Online (available at www.fsc.gov.au ). 
Once the application has been processed, one or 
more on -site audits are conducted. The final stage 
is for the Federal Safety Commissioner to 
determine  if accreditation  should be awarded .  There are no fees charged to lodge an application 
or und ergo the audit process, and there are no 
ongoing fees once a company is accredited.  
Timeframes for the accreditation process vary 
from company to company, largely due to the 
company’s readiness for the on -site audit process, 
their ability to provide an active project for audit, 
and the speed with which they rectify any non -
conformances ide ntified at audit.  
The time taken from receipt of an application to 
first contact with the company is up to ten 
business days. The audit process commences at 
the company’s convenience.  
If an audit is to be conducted overseas, an initial 
head office a udit in Australia is conducted at the 
company’s convenience. Accreditation can be  
achieved within three on -site audits , although a 
number of companies have taken less time. As a 
first step, companies are encouraged to contact 
the OFSC as soon as they begin to c onsider an 
application and  are encouraged to  apply for 
accreditation in advance of submitting a project 
tender . 
Initial accreditation is granted for a period of 
three years, at which point companies are 
required to undertake a process to become 
reaccredite d. Subsequent periods of accreditation 
can be for up to 6 years for companies if they have  
a strong track record of compliance with Scheme 
requirements.  
What are the application 
requirements?  
Companies seeking accreditation must submit a 
complete applicati on, including company project 
details, Work Health and Safety performance data 
and a map of their system against the Scheme 
audit criteria.  

      Fact Sheet – Joint Venture Arrangements
 
The Scheme 
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme 
(the Scheme) operates such that only builders who 
are accredited under the Scheme can enter into 
head contracts for building work that is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Commonwealth or a 
corporate Commonwealth entity, subject to 
certain thresholds. Refer to fact sheets on directly 
and indirectly funded building work for a full 
explanation of Scheme thresholds. 
What is a joint venture? 
The Federal Safety Commissioner (Accreditation 
Scheme) Amendment Rules 2023  (the Rules) define 
a joint venture  as being:  
an unincorporated enterprise that is constituted by 
two or more persons in common and in which:  
a) each member is not an individual; and  
b) at least one member is an accredited 
person and at least one member is not an 
accredited person . 
Who requires accreditation in a 
joint venture? 
The head contractor(s) conducting ‘building work’ 
in joint venture arrangements require Scheme 
accreditation.  
How can an unaccredited builder 
be part of a joint venture? 
Section 26(g) of the Rules provides for an 
unaccredited builder to enter into contracts for 
projects funded by the Commonwealth or a 
corporate Commonwealth entity, as part of a joint 
venture arrangement with an accredited builder, 
subject to specific requirements being satisfied. 
 
 
  
Requirements of section 26(g) 
If some, or all, of the building work is to be carried 
out by an unaccredited builder, the joint venture 
must provide the following information and 
undertakings to the Federal Safety Commissioner 
(FSC) before entering into a contract:  
 Details of the joint venture partners and 
the project they are seeking to contract. 
 The accredited member in the joint 
venture arrangement must provide 
undertakings, in writing, to take full 
responsibility for Work Health and Safety 
for the life of the project and that the 
building work will be carried out in 
accordance with its WHS Management 
System (WHSMS) for the life of the 
project. 
 The other builder(s) in the joint venture is 
required to provide undertakings, in 
writing, that it will carry out the building 
work in accordance with the accredited 
builder’s WHSMS for the life of the 
project and that it will participate fully in 
any audit of the accredited member’s 
WHSMS and its implementation on site.  
Upon receipt of the above information the FSC will 
confirm the requirements of section 26(g) have 
been met and provide a written confirmation to 
the joint venture members.  
Please note, joint ventures are required to provide 
undertakings to the FSC  for each project they are  
seeking to enter into contract for. 
When should section 26(g) 
undertakings be submitted? 
The Rules specify that the FSC must be given 
copies of the undertakings before a contract is 
entered into.  

       
Fact Sheet – Scheme Rule Changes 
Background 
On 21 March 2019, the Building and Construction 
(Improving Productivity) (Accreditation Scheme) 
Rules 2019 (the Rules) came into effect.  The Rules 
repeal and replace the Fair Work (Building Industry 
– Accreditation Scheme) Regulation 2016  which 
prescribe the WHS Accreditation Scheme (the 
Scheme) for persons who wish to carry out 
Commonwealth funded building work. 
Why were the changes 
necessary? 
The remade Rules reduce regulatory burden, 
clarify existing requirements, make technical 
amendments and formalise long-standing 
administrative practice. These changes will ensure 
the operating framework for the Scheme remains 
effective. 
What are the changes?  
National Construction Code (NCC) 
legislative function 
The Rules facilitate the performance of the Federal 
Safety Commissioner’s (FSC) function in relation to 
auditing compliance with National Construction 
Code (NCC) performance requirements in relation 
to building materials, and ensure that action can 
be taken by the FSC, including by suspending a 
person’s accreditation, if they are found not to be 
complying with those requirements. 
 
 
 
 Condition of accreditation 
The superseded Rules reference appropriate 
policies, procedures and safe work practices as a 
condition of accreditation.  The Rules clarify that 
the condition of accreditation to have appropriate 
work health and safety (WHS) policies, procedures 
and safe work practices includes the 
implementation of these requirements. 
Revocation of accreditation 
The Rules provide an additional ground upon 
which the FSC may revoke a person’s 
accreditation. Specifically, a person’s accreditation 
may be revoked if the FSC is satisfied that the 
accredited person has, at two or more times while 
accredited, failed to have or implement 
appropriate work health and safety policies and 
procedures or safe work practices.  
This will enable the FSC to revoke the accreditation 
of a person that consistently fails to meet the 
requisite safety standard determined by the FSC 
without needing to demonstrate there is a clear 
and present risk to safety or that a safety incident 
has occurred, which is consistent with the 
objectives of the Scheme. 
Revocation of a person’s accreditation will be 
managed in accordance with the OFSC compliance 
policy. 
Definition of building work  
The changes to the Rules limit the coverage of the 
building work definition for the purposes of the 
Scheme. It excludes offsite pre-fabrication or 
made-to-order components to form part of any 
building, structure or works, and the transport or 
supply of goods directly to building sites to be used 
in building work.  
 
   
Fact Sheet – Contracting for Australian Government 
funded building work 
Do I need to be accredited? 
If you: 
 are planning to contract for building work 
valued at $4 million (GST inclusive) or more 
funded by the Australian Government AND 
 will be the head contractor 
you may be required to be accredited under the 
Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme (the 
Scheme). 
If you are considering contracting for Government 
funded building work you should apply for 
accreditation now.   
What is the Scheme? 
The Scheme is established under the Federal 
Safety Commissioner Act 2022 and the Federal 
Safety Commissioner (Accreditation Scheme) 
Amendment Rules 2023 and is designed to 
improve work health and safety in the building and 
construction industry.  
Subject to certain thresholds, only head 
contractors who are accredited under the Scheme 
can enter into contracts for building work that are 
funded directly or indirectly by the Australian 
Government.  
For directly funded projects, the threshold is $4 
million.  
Where the Australian Government contributes 
funding to a recipient through a funding 
agreement, grant or other program, it is 
considered indirectly funded. The same $4 million 
head contract value applies; however, it is subject 
to additional funding thresholds based on the 
proportion of the Australian Government 
contribution to the project.  
 Why was the Scheme 
established? 
The Scheme was established in 2005 in recognition 
that something had to be done to improve the 
unacceptable WHS performance in the building 
and construction industry.  
 
The Scheme enables the Australian Government to 
use its influence as a major construction client and 
provider of capital to improve the WHS 
performance of the industry. Through the Scheme, 
the Government aims to foster a new culture 
where work must be performed safely, as well as 
on budget and on time. 
Why should I become 
accredited? 
The Act requires head contracts for building work 
to be signed with accredited builders (subject to 
the thresholds referred to above).  
Alternative provisions exist for joint venture 
arrangements that include accredited and 
unaccredited builders. Refer to the fact sheet on 
Joint Venture Arrangements. 
There are now over 400 accredited companies 
enjoying the benefits of accreditation. Not only are 
they eligible to contract for Australian Government 
funded projects but they are reaping the benefits 
of improved WHS performance.  Improvements in 
safety lead to increased productivity, reduced 
absences, reduced insurance and workers’ 
compensation costs, improved retention and 
greater innovation. 
Another benefit of accreditation is automatic 
recognition of meeting the work health and safety 
elements of the pre-qualification schemes for 

     1 
 
Fact Sheet – Federal Safety Commissioner 
The role of Federal Safety Commissioner (FSC) was 
established by the Australian Government in June 
2005. The FSC is supported by the Office of the 
Federal Safety Commissioner (OFSC) located in the 
Department of Employment and Workplace 
Relations. 
The functions of the FSC are described in Section 
38 of the Federal Safety Commissioner Act 2022 
and include: 
 promoting workplace health and safety (WHS) 
in relation to building work; 
 auditing compliance with National Construction 
Code performance requirements in relation to 
building materials; 
 administering the Work Health and Safety 
Accreditation Scheme (the Scheme); 
 promoting the benefits of the Scheme; and 
 disseminating information about the Scheme. 
The FSC was established to enable the Australian 
Government to use its influence as a client and 
provider of capital to improve the building and 
construction industry’s WHS performance. 
Accreditation Scheme 
One of the FSC’s key functions is to develop and 
implement the Scheme. 
 
Through the Scheme, the Government is fostering 
a culture where work must be performed safely, as 
well as on budget and on time. Under the Scheme 
and subject to certain thresholds, only accredited 
head contractors can enter into contracts for 
building work that is funded directly or indirectly 
by the Australian Government.  
 
Under the Scheme, the OFSC reviews applications 
and conducts on-site audits to determine an  
 applicant’s suitability for accreditation. The FSC 
considers the evidence obtained from these 
processes together with the recommendations of 
the OFSC to determine whether a building 
company is suitable to be accredited and/or 
continue with its accreditation under the Scheme. 
 
Consultation, collaboration 
and communication 
The FSC works with the building and construction 
industry to make Australian worksites safer. In 
2014, this included consultation with companies 
and building industry representatives in 
undertaking a comprehensive review of OFSC and 
the Scheme. 
 
The FSC also continues to work with Australian 
Government agencies to ensure WHS is a key 
factor in their building and construction 
procurement, from the letting of tenders to the 
delivery of projects safely, on time and on budget. 
 
This cooperative approach is raising WHS 
awareness and resulting in considerable industry 
and Australian Government agency demand for 
WHS advice, expertise and information. 
 
Other initiatives 
The FSC is delivering the following initiatives to 
help improve WHS in the building and construction 
industry and to underpin delivery of the Scheme: 
 
 improving online reporting capabilities for 
companies; 
 improving working relationships with state and 
territory WHS agencies; 
 working with relevant stakeholders to help 
drive best practice solutions to key issues;  

       
Fact Sheet – Hazards Research Project
The research  project  
The Office of the Federal Safety Commissioner 
(OFSC)  has engaged researchers from RMIT  
University  to conduct a research project to 
determine if the 19  high risk  hazard criteria  which 
the OFSC focuses on remain  appropriately 
targeted towards the hazards on building sites 
with the highest risk of injury. As part of this 
project, researchers will:  
• establ ish if universal definitions exist in 
industry for serious injury and injurious 
hazard;  
• identify the most injurious hazards in the 
industry and how they are 
measured/recorded  
• identify current mitigation strategies for 
each hazard  
• identify trends or emerging issues . 
Methodology  
RMIT is conducting the planning, project design, 
data collection and analysis  for the research 
project  with OFSC support.  
RMIT intends  to collect and analyse data from 
Commonwealth and state and territory 
government sources – including the OFSC, 
Safework Australia and jurisdictional regulators if 
possible – as well as conducting focus groups and 
interviews with key stakeholders with WHS 
experience in the industry.   
Outcome  
RMIT will deliver its findings to the OFSC by the 
end of the 2018 -19 financial year.  The findings will 
be used to inform the refinement of the  hazard  
criteria in consultation with industry. The 
outcomes of the project will also be 
communicated broadly to benefit key 
stakeholders, including industry and other 
Government agencies.   
Background  
The OFSC manages the WHS Accreditation Scheme 
(the Scheme). Subject to financial thresholds, head 
contractors of building work funded directly or 
indirectly  by the Commonwealth must be 
accredited under the Scheme.  
Accredited companies and companies seeking 
accreditation are audited against Scheme criteria 
to ensure they have appropriate safety measures 
in place. 19 of the Scheme criteria are high risk 
hazards , including:  
• working from heights  
• confined space  
• excavation  
• mobile plant.  
 For further information : 
▪ Visit the FSC website at www.fsc .gov.au  
▪ Contact the FSC Assist Line on 1800 652 500  
▪ Contact the OFSC via email at 
ofsc@ dewr.gov.au  

      
 
Fact Sheet – Powers of the Federal Safety Officers
The role of Federal Safety 
Officers 
The role of Federal Safety Officers (FSOs) is to act as 
third party auditors, conducting on-site auditing of 
companies seeking accreditation or currently 
accredited under the Work Health and Safety 
Accreditation Scheme. 
FSOs may carry out audits at the pre-accreditation 
stage, as well as undertaking performance 
monitoring during the life of projects to evaluate an 
accredited company’s ongoing capacity to meet the 
requirements of the Scheme. 
Under Section 68 of the Federal Safety 
Commissioner Act 2022 , the Federal Safety 
Commissioner may appoint the following people as 
FSOs: 
 Australian Government employees; 
 state or territory government employees; 
 consultants engaged on behalf of the 
Commonwealth. 
FSOs measure compliance in a number of key areas, 
including: 
 implementation of WHS management systems; 
 implementation of the Scheme’s WHS criteria; 
 the ability to identify and manage scheduled 
risks and hazards; 
 monitoring the implementation of any 
performance improvements identified during 
the auditing process. 
Entry to premises 
Do I have to allow an FSO entry to the premises? 
Yes. Generally, you will be provided advance notice 
of an FSO visit. If you do not allow an FSO to enter 
the premises, you may be committing an offence, 
which carries serious penalties. 
An FSO cannot use force to gain entry to premises, 
and will generally only enter during normal working 
hours. 
When can an FSO enter the premises? Under Section 63 of the Act, an FSO may enter 
premises for the purposes of: 
 ascertaining whether an applicant for 
accreditation under the Scheme meets the 
accreditation requirements; or 
 ascertaining whether an accredited company 
has complied, or is complying with the 
conditions of accreditation. 
However, before entering the premises an FSO 
must announce themselves and present their 
identity card for inspection by the occupier, or a 
person representing the occupier. 
What sort of premises can an FSO enter? 
An FSO may enter any premises other than a 
residence, where the FSO has reasonable cause to 
believe that: 
 building work is being, or has been, carried out 
by an applicant or company accredited under 
the Scheme; and 
 there are documents relevant to compliance 
purposes. 
An FSO may enter business premises if the FSO has 
good reason to believe that there is a person on the 
premises who has information relevant to the 
Federal Safety Commissioner’s compliance 
activities.  
What can an FSO do while on the premises? 
An FSO may: 
 inspect any work, material, machinery, 
appliance, article or facility; take samples of 
goods or substances; 
 interview any person; 
 review, take, or copy documents. See 
‘Production of documents’. 
Do I have to allow an FSO to conduct interviews? 
Yes. If you do not, you may be committing an 
offence, which carries serious penalties. 
Production of documents 

 
       
Fact Sheet – Safe Work Method Statements (SWMS)  
This Fact Sheet has been developed to provide information regarding the standards and 
expectations of the O ffice of the Federal Safety Commissioner (OFSC) when reviewing SWMS during 
an OFSC audit.  
Key Points  
• The OFSC does not mandate that a SWMS is required other than where required under 
legislative/Code requirements in the relevant state or territory or where required by the Principal 
Contractor’s own system.  
• There is no OFSC SWMS template. The OFSC does not dictate the form and content of a SWMS.  
• This means, for example, that the OFSC does not require extracts or lists of legislation/regulations 
or Codes, nor does it require risk assessment to be included, etc.  
• While the OFSC criteria require Principal Contractors to assess the risk of identified hazards this 
does not have to be in the SWMS.  
• The OFSC does not specify which documents companies use as evidence of the documented  
systems required under the Scheme. It can be in SWMS or other documents – so long as the 
minimum legal requirements for SWMS are met.  
• Where a company’s systems state that SWMS is the documentary evidence of compliance with a 
Scheme criterion, SWMS will of  course be checked in the context of addressing the criterion.  
− Any SWMS checked as evidence of compliance with Scheme criteria will need to meet 
minimum legislative compliance.  
• The OFSC requires Principal Contractors to review SWMS against company -defined  criteria; in 
order to conduct this review, the Principal Contractor is not required to be an expert relative to 
the work activity to the same depth as the subcontractor responsible for the activity under 
review.  
Scope and Requirements  
The focus of the OFS C audit is to review how the Principal Contractor ensures that SWMS are in place 
where required, and that they are of a satisfactory standard to meet the relevant Scheme and 
legislative requirements.  
Importantly, the OFSC criteria examine a Principal Contractor’s risk management processes in total, 
with SWMS forming one component of this.

      
  
Fact Sheet  – Small builders and the Scheme: your 
questions answered
The Work Health and Safety Accreditation Scheme  
(the Scheme) is designed to improve health and 
safety in the building and construction industry. It 
applies to builders who are head contractors for 
building  work funded by the Commonwealth or a 
corporate Commonwealth entity . The following 
advice is for small business es and sole traders. The 
Scheme only applies to projects where  the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity  has provided funds for the building work  
and meets certain financial thresholds . 
If I only build residential houses, do I 
need to be accredited?  
You do not need to be an accredited builder for 
projects for the construction of ‘single -dwelling 
houses’ regardless of the value or number to be 
constructed.   
A ‘single dwelling  house ’ for the purpose of the 
Scheme  is:  
• a detached house; or  
• one of a group of two or more attached 
dwellings  such as a row house, terrace 
house, town house or villa unit;  
You do not  need to be accredited if your building 
work involves  the alteration or extension of a 
dwelling provided it remains a  single -dwelling 
house after the alteration or extension . 
You will require accreditation if your contract 
meets the threshold value and is for a project which 
entails building or altering a residential dwelling 
that is not a single dwelling house – ie. apartments.  
Contact the Office of the Federal Saf ety 
Commissioner (OFSC)  if in doubt.  
 
What thresholds apply to directly 
funded building work?  
The Scheme applies to projects that are directly 
funded by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity with a value of at least $4 
million (GST Inclusive) .   
An accredited builder must be engaged for all 
building work directly funded by the Commonwealth 
or a corporate Commonwealth entity  with a contract 
value of at least $4 million (GST Inclusive).   
What thresholds apply to indirectly 
funded building work?  
The Scheme applies to projects that are indirectly 
funded by the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity where a head contract for 
building work under the project has a value of  at 
least $4 m illion (GST inclusive) AND : 
• the contributi on to the project by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity  is at least $6 million (including GST) and 
represents at least 50 per cent of the total 
funding ; OR 
• the contribution to the project by the 
Commonwealth or a corporate Commonwealth 
entity is at least $10 million (including GST), 
irrespective of the funding proportion made by 
the Commonwealth or a corporate 
Commonwealth entity .  
Identifying who needs to be 
accredited  
If a project meets the above thresholds the 
requirement that accredited  builders carry out the 
building work only applies to head contracts for 
building work valued at $4 million  (GST Inclusive) or 
more.  
My contract is for more than $4 
million  (GST Inclusive) . Do I need to 
be accredited?  
If the contract is for building work  other than 
single dwelling houses , yes, you will need to be 
accredited except in some cases where the 
indirectly funded threshold test applies (see above) . 
 
       
Fact Sheet: Verification of Competency – Mobile Plant  
This Fact Sheet has been developed to provide 
information regarding the standards and 
expectations of the O ffice of the Federal Safety 
Commissioner (O FSC) in relation to competency 
requirements for the operation of mobile plant.  
Verification of Competency (VoC)  is defined within 
the OFSC Evidence Guide as ‘a method of 
documented evaluation of the skill level of a 
person against defined competency standards in 
order to evaluate the person's ability to carry out 
the relevant activity or works.’  
OFSC Audit Criteri on H16.8 specifically requires a 
system to be in place to define the competency 
requirements for the operation of mobile plant, 
which may be a combination of licences, formal 
training through an RTO and/or a VoC process.  
The following sections outline acceptable 
evidence in meeting this requirement, as well as 
clarifying what is not required, in addressing 
competency for mobile plant operators. 
Importantly, i f a company has a system that 
requires additional verification of competency 
beyond OFSC  requirements, it is expected that the 
company’s defined requirements are followed, 
and these will be subject to review at OFSC audits.  
Competency Requirements for 
Mobile Plant Operators  
Required/acceptable evidence : 
• High -Risk Work Licence issued by a Stat e or 
Territory under the National Certification 
System as per the legislation; or 
• where a High -Risk Work Licence is not required 
by legislation:  
− Licence or Certificate of Competency 
issued under previous State or Territory 
legislation for which there is no  longer a High Risk Work Licence required e.g. load -
shifting equipment; or 
− Statement of Attainment or Certificate 
issued by a Registered Training 
Organisation (RTO) for the successful 
completion of the appropriate unit of 
competency in the Nationally Recog nised 
Training (NRT) package; or 
− evidence of formal VoC assessment 
against defined competency standards, 
which should:  
o be completed, or confirmed as 
having been completed, by the 
accredited company to an 
acceptable level;  
o include a detailed and documented 
assessment standard;  
o be completed by a person (or 
persons) who meets the minimum  
competency as an assessor for the 
item of plant ; and  
o be evidenced by a signed, completed 
VoC assessment.  
What is the minimum acceptable level 
for a formal  VoC assessment that is not 
undertaken by an RTO?  
A structured template / questionnaire / checklist 
that is either aligned to the Nationally Recognised 
Training Package, or similar structured 
questionnaire tailored to the safe operation of the 
item of mobile plant, e.g. hazard s / risks and 
controls, operator manual requirements, 
emergency situations and response, etc.  
  






Australian Government Building and
Construction WHS Accreditation
Scheme

Accredited Contractors  Data Report
July to December  2018
Reporting Period


2
  Contents
1 Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 3
2 Overview  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  3
2.1 Number of Accreditat ions ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  3
2.2 Number of Projects and Hours Worked  ................................ ................................ ..................  4
3 Analysis/Findings  ................................ ................................ ................................ ............................  6
3.1 Fatalities  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 6
3.2 Lost Time Injury  Frequency Rate (LTIFR)  ................................ ................................ .................  7
3.3 Medically Treated Injury Frequency Rate (MTIFR)  ................................ ................................ . 8
3.4 Total Recorded Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)  ................................ ................................ .......  9
3.5 LTIFR/MTIFR/TRIFR Summary  ................................ ................................ ...............................  10
3.6 Number of Notices Issued  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 12
4 Incidents  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ........  13
4.1 Nature of Injury  ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  13
4.2 Mechanism of Injury  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  15
4.3 Location of Injury  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..................  17
4.4 High -risk Construction Work*  ................................ ................................ ...............................  19
4.5 Working Time Lost  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  22
4.6 Proportion of injured workers by age  ................................ ................................ ...................  23
4.7 Injured Worker’s Occupation  ................................ ................................ ................................  24
4.8 Dangerous Occurrences  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........  25
4.9 Work ers’ Compensation  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  26
5 Awards and Recognition  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  27
Glossary  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  29


3
  1 Introduction
This report provides an overview of data collected from companies accredited under the Australian
Government Work Health and Safety (WHS) Accreditation Scheme (th e Scheme) for the period July to
December 2 018. The report includes c omparisons with data collected from previous biannual periods  to
demonstrate trends over time  where appropriate.
As a condition of accreditation , accredited contractors  are required to submit WHS data reports twice a
year, in addition to incident reports, Scheme project reports , and end of project reports.  Lost Time  Injuries
that occur on non -Scheme projects valued at greater than $ 4 million  and all fatalities —regardless of
project value —must also be submitted .
Key terms and performance measures used throughout this report are defined in the Glossary
commencing on page 29.
2 Overview
2.1 Number of Accredit ations

The number of accredit ations  continues to grow, with 354 accreditations representing 451 companies1
submitting biannual reports for the July to December 2018 reporting period.  The number of accredited
companies has consistently increased since the Scheme commenced in 2005.
Number of Accreditations by Biannual Period
Period  Number of
Accreditations  Number of
Accredited
Companies  Number of newly
Accredited
Companies
Jul to Dec 2013  273 306 26
Jan to Jun 2014  287 333 32
Jul to Dec 2014  305 349 38
Jan to Jun 2015  317 371 20
Jul to Dec 2015  331 390 26
Jan to Jun 2016  336 396 10
Jul to Dec 2016  340 413 22
Jan to Jun 2017  347 427 18
Jul to Dec 2017  347 433 20
Jan to Jun 2018  351 438 12
Jul to Dec 2018  354 451 34



1 Accreditations can be granted to either an individual company or multiple companies  as part of a joint
accreditation.  The total number of Accreditations and Companies are based on the reports submitted by accredited
companies through the biannual reporting process.

4
  Of the 354 accreditations, 222 (62.71  per cent)  did not undertake Scheme projects as the head contractor
during the reporting period, with 25 of these accreditations (7.06  per cent)  undertaking  no projects as the
head contractor during the reporting period.

2.2 Number of Projects  and Hours Worked
Since the commencement of the Scheme in 2005, t he OFSC has been notified of 1,863 directly and
indirectly funded contracts for building work , with a combined value of $114.94  billion that had be en
covered by the Scheme ( which were active or completed as at 31 December  2018 ). Of the 1,863 notified
contracts, 303 were still active at the end of this reporting period .
The following table indicates the number of projects reported by accredited contractors  under the
Scheme , including non -Scheme projects.
Number of Projects  by Biannual Period
Period  Number of
Accredite d
contractors
reporting active
Scheme projects  Number of active
Scheme Projects  Number of
Accredited
contractors
reporting non -
Scheme projects  Number of non -
Scheme projects
where accredited
contractor was the
head contractor
Jul to Dec 2013  137 362 254 13,01 6
Jan to Jun 2014  136 335 269 13,700
Jul to Dec 2014  129 306 277 13,328
Jan to Jun 2015  128 295 288 13,772
Jul to Dec 2015  129 289 298 9,164
Jan to Jun 2016  124 296 301 14,352
Jul to Dec 2016  129 300 299 14,082
Jan to Jun 2017  127 311 307 16,3 67
Jul to Dec 2017  127 313 297 15,9 57
Jan to Jun 2018  135 338 299 22,551
Jul to Dec 2018  132 349 307 13,445 050100150200250300350400
Jul-Dec
2013Jan-Jun
2014Jul-Dec
2014Jan-Jun
2015Jul-Dec
2015Jan-Jun
2016Jul-Dec
2016Jan-Jun
2017Jul-Dec
2017Jan-Jun
2018Jul-Dec
2018Accredited Contractors -Long Term Trend with Projects
Accredited Contractors Accredited Contractors with nil projects
Accredited Contractors with nil Scheme projects

5
  The following two tables indicate the number of hours worked by accredited companies on Scheme and
non-Scheme projects respectively by Commercial, Civil and Residential sectors. Over time there has been
a decline in the number of hours on Scheme Commercial  projects, with an increase in the number of
hours worked on Scheme Civil projects.
The total number of hours worked on non -Scheme projects has been steadily increasing over time,
however the composition of Commercial, Civil and Residential projects ha s fluctuated over the past five
years .
Hours worked on Scheme projects  by Biannual Period
Period  Scheme projects
Commercial
(million hours)  Scheme Projects
Civil
(million hours)  Scheme Projects
Residential
(million hours)  Total Scheme
Projects
(million hours)
Jul to Dec 2013  12.53  18.39  0.94  31.86
Jan to Jun 2014  13.20  16.28  1.09  30.57
Jul to Dec 2014  13.72  14.13  2.21  30.06
Jan to Jun 2015  8.86  17.71  0.84  27.41
Jul to Dec 2015  6.45  18.85  0.84  26.14
Jan to Jun 2016  4.31  19.00  2.14  25.45
Jul to Dec 2016  7.41  22.56  1.67  31.64
Jan to Jun 2017  6.15  24.30  1.32  31.77
Jul to Dec 2017  7.92  30.72  1.93  40.57
Jan to Jun 2018  6.92  37.60  2.19  46.71
Jul to Dec 2018  6.67  44.8 2 0.03  51.5 2

Hours worked on non–Scheme projects  by Biannual Period
Period  Non -Scheme projects
Commercial
(million hours)  Non -Scheme Projects
Civil
(million hours)  Non -Scheme Projects
Residential
(million hours)  Total Non -Scheme
Projects
(million hours)
Jul to Dec 2013  76.36  67.32  9.21  152.89
Jan to Jun 2014  70.17  58.27  9.42  137.86
Jul to Dec 2014  72.37  65.27  14.14  151.78
Jan to Jun 2015  72.14  67.83  9.34  149.31
Jul to Dec 2015  73.56  62.27  10.54  146.37
Jan to Jun 2016  77.48  55.33  14.94  147.75
Jul to Dec 2016  79.88  71.50  13.69  165.07
Jan to Jun 2017  76.29  65.56  12.97  154.82
Jul to Dec 2017  80.95  82.86  8.91  172.73
Jan to Jun 2018  79.41  82.14  11.70  173.25
Jul to Dec 2018  87.40  74.65  22.61  184.66


6
  3 Analysis/Findings
3.1 Fatalities
A fatality is a work -related occurrence that results directly or indirectly in the death of a person onsite
(including deaths due to natural causes which occur on the project site). Accredited contractors under the
Scheme  are required to submit the details of any fatalities that have occurred where the project’s
accredited contractor is the head contractor.
Number of Fatalities reported by Accredited C ontractors  – by Biannual Period
Period  Number of
Fatalities on
Scheme
projects  Scheme
project
Fatalities
frequency
rate2 Number of
Fatalities on
non-Scheme
projects  Non -Scheme
projects
Fatalities
frequency
rate2 Number of
Fatalities all
projects  All projects
Fatalities
frequency
rate2
Jul to Dec 2013  0 0.00  1 0.66  1 0.54
Jan to Jun 2014  0 0.00  0 0.00  0 0.00
Jul to Dec 201 4 0 0.00  2 1.32  2 1.10
Jan to Jun 2015  0 0.00  1 0.67  1 0.57
Jul to Dec 2015  0 0.00  2 1.37  2 1.16
Jan to Jun 2016  1 3.96  1 0.68  2 1.16
Jul to Dec 2016  0 0.00  2 1.21  2 1.02
Jan to Jun 2017  2 6.29  2 1.29 4 2.14
Jul to Dec 2017  2 4.93  1 0.58  3 1.41
Jan to Jun 2018  0 0.00  3 1.73  3 1.36
Jul to Dec 2018  0 0.00  2 1.08  2 0.85



2 See glossary for frequency rate formulas

7
  3.2 Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)
LTIFR is calculated by looking at the number of occurrences of Lost Time Injury that result in a permanent
disability or  time lost from work of one day shift or more in the period, divided by the number of hours
worked  (see glossary for frequency rate formula) .
Both t he Scheme and non -Scheme project LTIFR s for this period are lower than the average of the
corresponding  bian nual  periods for the previous five years.
LTIFR  – by Biannual Period
Period  Scheme project
LTIFR  Non -Scheme
projects LTIFR  Scheme LTIs  Non -Scheme LTIs
Jul to Dec 2013  2.89  2.91  89 321
Jan to Jun 2014  1.93  3.07  57 297
Jul to Dec 2014  2.76  2.68  77 291
Jan to Jun 2015  2.18  2.34  58 260
Jul to Dec 2015  1.50  2.22  40 246
Jan to Jun 2016  1.80  1.90  42 210
Jul to Dec 2016  1.03  1.87  31 241
Jan to Jun 2017  1.58  2.21  48 259
Jul to Dec 2017  1.22  1.83  47 253
Jan to Jun 2018  0.94  1.95  42 262
Jul to Dec 2018  1.36  1.86  70 247
Average Rate  1.88  2.30  57 270
Jul to Dec 2013 -17

There was a slight increase in the Scheme LTIFR rate  for the current biannual period  compared to the
previous period January through to June  2018 , however the long term trend is an overall reduction of the
rate over  the past five years. The increase in the most recent Scheme LTIFR rate coincides with the
introduction of the OFSC’s online biannual reporting ability for accredited companies  which may have
facilitated an improvemen t in reporting and contributed to the slight increase . Scheme Project LTIFR
however, remains lower than the non -Scheme rate, as it has for every biannual period in the past five
years except July to December 2014.

LTIFR by construction type  – July-Decembe r 2018
 Civil  Commercial  All
Scheme LTIFR  1.07  3.30  1.36
Non -Scheme LTIFR  0.89  2.56  1.86

The Scheme Civil and Commercial LTIFR rates are higher than their non -Scheme counterparts, however  by
contrast the overall Scheme LTIFR rate is lower than the non -Scheme rate. This is explained further below
at section 3.5.



8
  3.3 Medically Treated Injury Frequency Rate (MTIFR)

MTIFR is calculated by counting the number of occurrences of injury treated by a qualif ied medical
practitioner d ivided by the number of hours worked  (see glossary for frequency rate formula).
Both the Scheme and non -Scheme project MTIFRs for this period are lower than the average of the
corresponding periods for the previous five years.

MTIFR  – by Biannual Period
Period  Scheme project
MTIFR  Non -Scheme
projects MTIFR  Scheme MTIs  Non -Scheme MTIs
Jul to Dec 2013  6.71  12.56  207 1,386
Jan to Jun 2014  6.30  14.32  186 1,384
Jul to Dec 2014  5.34  12.06  149 1,311
Jan to Jun 2015  4.71  13.32  125 1,479
Jul to Dec 2015  3.76  10.53  100 1,166
Jan to Jun 2016  4.89  9.04  114 1,000
Jul to Dec 2016  4.14  8.80  124 1,132
Jan to Jun 2017  4.47  8.81  136 1,031
Jul to Dec 2017  4.40  7.50  170 1,034
Jan to Jun 2018  4.45  7.85  198 1,052
Jul to Dec 2018  3.22  7.40  166 983
Average Rate  4.87  10.29  150 1,206
Jul to Dec 2013 -17

The following table  summarises the MTIFR figures across construction types and Scheme and non -Scheme
projects. The non -Scheme MTIFR exceeds the Scheme MTIFR on all construction types.
MTIFR by construction type  – July-December 2018

 Civil  Commercial  All
Scheme MTIFR  2.72  6.59  3.22
Non -Scheme MTIFR  3.20 10.40  7.40



9
  3.4 Total Recorded Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
TRIFR is calculated by counting the total  number of Medically Treated Injuries, Lost Time Injuries and
Fatalities in the period divided by the number of hours worked (see glossary for frequency rate formula) .
Both the Scheme and non -Scheme project TRIFR s for this period are lower than the average of the
corresponding periods for the previous five years.


TRIFR – by Biannual Period
Period  Scheme project
TRIFR  Non -Scheme
projects TRIFR  Scheme TRIs  Non -Scheme TRIs
Jul to Dec 2013  9.60  15.48  296 1,708
Jan to Jun 2014  8.23  17.40  243 1,681
Jul to Dec  2014  8.10  14.75  226 1,604
Jan to Jun 2015  6.89  15.67  183 1,740
Jul to Dec 2015  5.30  12.76  141 1,413
Jan to Jun 2016  6.74  10.95  157 1,211
Jul to Dec 2016  5.21  10.69  156 1,375
Jan to Jun 2017  6.11  11.04  186 1,293
Jul to Dec 2017  5.67  9.34  219 1,288
Jan to Jun 2018  5.39  9.83  240 1,317
Jul to Dec 2018  4.58  9.27  236 1,231
Average Rate  6.78  12.60  208 1,478
Jul to Dec 2013 -17

The following table  summarises the TRIFR figures across construction types and Scheme and non -Scheme
projects.  The non -Scheme TRIFR exceeds the Scheme TRIFR on both construction types.

TRIFR by construction type  – July-December 2018
 Civil  Commercial  All
Scheme TRIFR  3.79  9.89  4.58
Non -Scheme TRIFR  4.09  12.97  9.27


10
  3.5 LTIFR/MTIFR/TRIFR Summary
The graph below summarises the  LTIFR figures across construction types and Scheme and non -Scheme
projects.  The Scheme Civil and Commercial LTIFR rates are higher than their non -Scheme counterparts,
however the overall Scheme LTIFR rate is lower than the non -Scheme rate . This apparent anomaly was
due to a comparatively  low number of Scheme Commercial hours and a relatively low rate of non -Scheme
Civil injuries , that when combined to calculate All Projects Scheme LTIFR, dropped the combined rate
below that of non -Scheme projects.

  0.00.51.01.52.02.53.03.5
Civil LTIFR Commercial LTIFR All Projects LTIFRinjuries per million hours workedLTIFR Summary -Jul-Dec 2018
Scheme Non Scheme

11
  The following graph summarises the  MTIFR figures across construction types and Scheme and
non-Scheme projects. The non -Scheme MTIFR exceeds the Scheme MTIFR on all construction types.

The following graph summarises the  TRIFR figures across construction types and Scheme and non -Scheme
projects .  The non -Scheme TRIFR exceeds the Scheme TRIFR on all construction types.

  0.02.04.06.08.010.012.0
Civil MTIFR Commercial MTIFR All Projects MTIFRinjuries per million hours workedMTIFR Summary -Jul-Dec 2018
Scheme Non Scheme
0.02.04.06.08.010.012.014.0
Civil TRIFR Commercial TRIFR All Projects TRIFRinjuries per million hours workedTRIFR Summary -Jul-Dec 2018
Scheme Non Scheme

12
  3.6 Number of Notices Issued
The Biannual Report records the outcomes of WorkCover  assessments or court actions issued by the
relevant WHS authority of the jurisdiction in which the project is being undertaken. Accredited contractors
report the number of notices issued to them as the head contractor or subcontractor, and notices issued
to their subcontractors working on site during the period. The types of notices are:

Infringement
WHS regulations may allow for infringement notices to be issued as an alternative to prosecution for an
offence that is not indictable.

Prohibition
Prohi bition notices are issued for any work that involves or will involve an immediate risk to the health,
safety and welfare of any person.

Improvement
Issued if the WHS authority believes someone has contravened the relevant WHS Act or regulations of the
jurisdiction, or that a contravention may continue to be repeated. An improvement notice may also
include directions about how to remedy a breach.

Other – (e.g. enforceable undertakings)
A WHS related notice (other than an infr ingement, prohibition or improvement notice) issued by the
relevant WHS authority in the jurisdiction in which the project is being undertaken.

Number of notices , reported by Accredited Contractors – by Biannual Period
Despite the number of accredited com panies increasing by 2.88 per  cent as well as increases the number
of hours worked on both Scheme and non -Scheme projects (9.34 per  cent and 6.18 per  cent respectively)
over the biannual period, the number of infringement and prohibition notices issued to accredited
companies is lower than the previous biannual period. Improvement notices have, however, increased at
above the rate of increase in the number of accredited companies or hours worked. This may be a lead
indicate for further investigation in futu re.
Period  Infringement
Notices  Prohibition
Notices  Improvement
Notices  Other Notices
(e.g.
enforceable
undertakings)  Total Notices
Jul to Dec 2013  1 43 104 7 155
Jan to Jun 2014  5 39 126 3 173
Jul to Dec 2014  0 35 114 4 153
Jan to Jun 2015  0 24 43 7 74
Jul to Dec 2015  0 10 52 11 73
Jan to Jun 2016  3 21 54 4 82
Jul to Dec 2016  3 19 69 8 99
Jan to Jun 2017  3 31 115 8 157
Jul to Dec 2017  3 47 110 6 166
Jan to Jun 2018  8 37 153 3 201
Jul to Dec 2018  3 32 177 17 229

13
  4 Incidents
Accredited contractors are required to provide incident reports to the OFSC as a condition of their
accreditation. This section provides a breakdown on incidents that have occurred at OFSC accredited
companies.
4.1 Nature of I njury
The proportion of injuries for Woun ds, lacerations, amputations and internal organ damage
(42.48 per cent) has steadily been increasing over the last five years and remain s the highest occurring
category. Injuries for Traumatic joint/ligament and muscle/tendons  injuries (25.05  per cent ) have been
fluctuating over the last five years.
Wounds, lacerations, amputations and internal organ damage  injuries and Traumatic joint/ligament and
muscle/tendons  injuries have  generally  been the first and second most report ed injury category over time ,
and on average these two categories make up over 67 per cent of the total.
The Other diseases and claims  category was included from the January to June 2016 reporting period to
collect data pertaining to mental illnesses and all other injuries not previo usly captured.

 42.48%
25.05%
17.43%
10.42%
1.60% 1.40%0.80% 0.40% 0.40%
0%5%10%15%20%25%30%35%40%45%
C. Wounds,
lacerations,
amputations
and internal
organ
damageF. Traumatic
joint/
ligament
and muscle/
tendon
injuryB. Fractures G. Other
injuriesI. Other
diseases and
claimsD. Burns H. Diseases
and
conditionsA.
Intracranial
injuriesE. Injury to
nerves and
spinal cordpercentage proportion of injuries per categoryProportion of Injuries by Nature -Jul-Dec 2018

14
  Proportion of Injuries by Nature - July-December 2018
Period  Injury A  Injury B  Injury C  Injury D  Injury E  Injury F  Injury G  Injury H  Injury I
Jul to Dec 2013  0.78%  13.40%  36.92%  2.49%  0.93%  28.97%  14.95%  1.56%  -
Jan to Jun 2014  0.18%  15.64%  39.54%  0.70%  1.05%  26.89%  15.29%  0.70%  -
Jul to Dec 2014  0.74%  13.84%  36.72%  0.55%  0.37%  31.18%  16.24%  0.37%  -
Jan to Jun 2015  0.21%  15.00%  38.96%  2.29%  0.63%  29.58%  13.33%  0.00%  -
Jul to Dec 2015  0.48%  14.80%  39.62%  1.19%  0.48%  29.83%  13.60%  0.00%  -
Jan to Jun 2016  1.17%  14.72%  42.99%  2.10%  1.17%  25.23%  11.92%  0.47%  0.23%
Jul to Dec 2016  0.48%  17.2 7% 43.65% 0.48%  1.20%  24.22 % 11.51 % 0.48%  0.72%
Jan to Jun 2017  0.86%  15.91%  36.56%  1.51%  0.65%  29.25%  12.90%  0.86%  1.51%
Jul to Dec 2017  0.61%  19.18%  45.10%  1.43%  0.20%  19.18%  13.47%  0.41%  0.41%
Jan to Jun 2018  0.39 % 17.73% 42.77 % 0.77 % 0.39 % 20.62 % 16.38 % 0.39 % 0.58 %
Jul to Dec 2018  0.40%  17.43%  42.48%  1.40%  0.40%  25.05%  10.42%  0.80%  1.60%

Nature of Injury Categories
Injury A. Intracranial injuries
Injury B. Fractures
Injury C . Wounds, lacerations, amputations and internal organ damage
Injury D . Burns
Injury E . Injury to nerves and spinal cord
Injury F . Traumatic joint/ligament and muscle/tendon injury
Injury G . Other injuries
Injury H . Diseases and conditions
Injury I . Other disease s and claims


15
  4.2 Mechanism of Injury

The top four mechanisms of injury reported to the OFSC were Being hit by moving objects
(28.26  per cent), Hitting objects with part of the body  (25.05  per cent), Falls, trips and slips of a person
(23.85  per cent), and Body Stressing  (16.63  per cent). These mechanisms account for 93.79 per cent of all
injuries reported during the period. These four categories account for the highest proportion of injuries
since 2011.


  28.26%
25.05%
23.85%
16.63%
2.20%2.00%
1.00%0.60%0.20% 0.20%
0%5%10%15%20%25%30%percentage proportion of injuries per categoryProportion of Injuries by Mechanism -Jul-Dec 2018

16
  Proportion of Injuries by Mechanism  - July-December 2018

Mechanism of Injury  Categories
Mechanism 0. Falls, trips and slips of a person
Mechanism 1. Hitting objects with part of the body
Mechanism 2. Being hit by moving objects
Mechanism 3. Sound and pressure
Mechanism 4. Body stressing
Mechanism 5. Heat, electricity and other environmental factors
Mechanism 6. Chemical and other substances
Mechanism 7. Biological factors
Mechanism 8. Mental stress
Mechanism 9. Vehicle incidents and other
 Period  Mech.
0 Mech.
1 Mech.
2 Mech.
3 Mech.
4 Mech.
5 Mech.
6 Mech.
7 Mech.
8 Mech.
9
Jul to
Dec 2013  19.00%  19.78%  28.97%  0.62%  22.90%  2.65%  2.02%  0.62%  0.00%  3.43%
Jan to
Jun 2014  23.20%  25.31%  26.36%  0.18%  18.45%  1.41%  0.88%  0.88%  0.00%  3.34%
Jul to
Dec 2014  26.94%  18.82%  30.26%  0.18%  16.61%  1.66%  2.21%  0.92%  0.00%  2.40%
Jan to
Jun 2015  25.36%  22.45%  28.07%  0.21%  16.01%  2.49%  1.46%  1.04%  0.42%  2.49%
Jul to
Dec 2015  27.45%  23.63%  25.78%  0.00%  15.75%  1.67%  2.15%  0.24%  0.24%  3.10%
Jan to
Jun 2016  24.88%  23.72%  29.53%  0.23%  14.42%  2.79%  1.40%  0.70%  0.47%  1.86%
Jul to
Dec 2016  26.37%  24.47%  28.74%  0.24%  15.20%  0.24%  1.66%  0.48%  0.00%  2.61%
Jan to
Jun 2017  24.52%  22.83%  28.96%  0.63%  16.49%  1.48%  2.11%  0.21%  0.21%  2.54%
Jul to
Dec 2017  25.64%  25.25%  29.78%  0.79%  12.82%  1.18%  1.18%  0.20%  0.00%  3.16%
Jan to
Jun 2018  24.08 % 25.05 % 31.21 % 1.16 % 13.29 % 1.54 % 1.54 % 0.19 % 0.00 % 1.93 %
Jul to
Dec 2018  23.85 % 25.05 % 28.26 % 0.60 % 16.63 % 2.00 % 1.00 % 0.20 % 0.20 % 2.20 %

17
  4.3 Location of Injury
Over 72 per cent of injuries reported were sustained to upper limbs  (42.89  per cent) and
lower  limbs  (30.06  per cent).  The proportion of injury location has generally been consistent over time.

42.89%
30.06%
15.23%
8.02%
2.00% 1.00% 0.40% 0.40% 0.00%
0%5%10%15%20%25%30%35%40%45%50%percentage proportion of injuries per categoryProportion of Injuries by Location -Jul-Dec 2018

18
  Proportion of Injuries by Locati on - July-December 2018
Period  Loc. 1  Loc. 2  Loc. 3  Loc. 4  Loc. 5  Loc. 6  Loc. 7  Loc. 8  Loc. 9
Jul to
Dec 201 3 10.44%  1.25%  13.86%  40.65%  28.19%  3.58%  0.47%  0.31%  1.25%
Jan to
Jun 2014  8.44%  2.64%  15.11%  38.84%  30.58%  1.76%  0.88%  0.18%  1.58%
Jul to
Dec 2014  8.49%  2.03%  16.61%  38.56%  29.52%  1.66%  0.92%  0.00%  2.21%
Jan to
Jun 2015  8.73%  1.87%  13.51%  40.75%  30.98%  2.29%  0.00%  0.62%  1.25%
Jul to
Dec 2015  9.79%  1.67%  14.56%  41.29%  28.64%  3.10%  0.24%  0.24%  0.48%
Jan to
Jun 2016  8.60%  1.63%  15.12%  41.40%  29.30%  1.63%  0.23%  0.47%  1.63%
Jul to
Dec 2016  6.18% 1.90%  11.6 4% 41.09 % 33.97 % 2.61%  0.00%  0.00%  2.84%
Jan to
Jun 2017  6.13%  1.48%  13.74%  40.38%  31.71%  2.33%  1.06%  0.42%  2.75%
Jul to
Dec 2017  9.86%  1.38%  12.62%  41.03%  31.36%  2.76%  0.20%  0.00%  0.79%
Jan to
Jun 2018  8.67 % 1.73 % 12.52 % 43.93 % 28.32 % 2.50% 0.00 % 0.39 % 1.93 %
Jul to
Dec 2018  8.02 % 1.00 % 15.23 % 42.89 % 30.06 % 0.40 % 0.00 % 0.40 % 2.00 %

Location  of Injury Categories
Location 1. Head
Location 2. Neck
Location 3. Trunk
Location 4. Upper limbs
Location 5. Lower limbs
Location 6. Multiple locations
Location 7. Systemic location
Location 8. Non -physical location
Location 9. Unspecified locations



19
  4.4 High -risk Construction Work *
When submitting incident reports, accredited contractors are requir ed to discl ose – where applicable – what was the
most significant high -risk construction work  taking place at the time of the incident. Of the incident reports
submitted, 33 per cent nominated high -risk construction work as having been undertaken at the ti me of the
incident. The three most common categories of high -risk work taking place at th e time of an incident were:
 construction work on construction sites where there is any movement of powered mobile plant
(28.65  per cent) ;
 construction work with risk of a person falling two metres or more ( 17.84  per cent) ; and
 construction work on or adjacent to roadways or railways used by road or rail traffic (16.76  per cent ).



*See glossary for high -risk construction work details .28.65%
17.84%
16.76%
11.89%
8.11%
3.78%
3.24%2.16% 2.16% 2.16%1.08% 1.08% 0.54% 0.54%
0%5%10%15%20%25%30%35%16. Construction work on construction-sites where there is any
movement of powered mobile plant1. Construction work with risk of a person falling two metres or
more15. Construction work on or adjacent to roadways or railways
used by road or rail traffic8. The construction of tunnels12. Construction work on or near energised electrical installations
and services5. Construction work involving structural alterations that require
temporary support to prevent collapse7. Construction work involving excavation to a depth greater than
1.5 m14. Tilt-up and precast concrete construction work3. Construction work involving demolition10. Construction work on or near pressurised gas distribution
mains2. Construction work on telecommunications towers4. Construction work involving the disturbance or removal of
asbestos6. Construction work involving a confined space11.Construction work on or near chemical, fuel or refrigerant linespercentage proportion of high risk injuries per categoryProportion of Injuries involving High Risk Construction Work -Jul-Dec 2018

20
  Proportion of Injuries undertaking High Risk Construction Work - July-December 2018 *
Period  Jul to
Dec
2013  Jan to
Jun
2014  Jul to
Dec
2014  Jan to
Jun
2015  Jul to
Dec
2015  Jan to
Jun
2016  Jul to
Dec
2016  Jan to
Jun
2017  Jul to
Dec
2017  Jan to
Jun
2018  Jul to
Dec
2018
Risk 1  13.68%  17.90%  16.95%  15.65%  20.00%  26.04%  25.68%  28.65%  23.12%  16.43%  17.84 %
Risk 2  0.00%  1.23%  0.56%  0.68%  2.96%  2.37%  0.55%  0.56%  0.00%  0.48%  1.08 %
Risk 3  3.16%  3.70%  3.95%  2.04%  2.96%  5.92%  3.28%  3.37%  4.62%  2.90%  2.16 %
Risk 4  3.16%  3.70%  0.56%  6.12%  1.48%  0.00%  3.28%  1.69%  1.16%  0.48%  1.08 %
Risk 5  2.11%  5.56%  9.04%  6.12%  5.93%  4.14%  0.55%  3.37%  1.16%  2.42%  3.78 %
Risk 6  0.53%  0.62%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.55%  1.12%  0.00%  0.97%  0.54 %
Risk 7  3.68%  1.85%  2.26%  0.68%  2.22%  4.14%  4.92%  0.56%  3.47%  2.42%  3.24 %
Risk 8  3.16%  6.79%  3.95%  5.44%  0.74%  0.00%  2.19%  3.37%  2.31%  11.11%  11.89 %
Risk 9  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00 %
Risk 10  2.63%  4.94%  0.56%  3.40%  1.48%  2.37%  3.83%  1.12%  0.58%  0.00%  2.16 %
Risk 11  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  1.36%  0.74%  0.00%  0.55%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.54 %
Risk 12  10.00%  4.32%  9.04%  10.20%  14.07%  11.24%  8.74%  6.18%  6.36%  7.25%  8.11 %
Risk 13  0.53%  0.00%  0.00%  0.68%  0.00%  0.00%  0.55%  0.56%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00 %
Risk 14  3.16%  3.09%  1.69%  2.04%  0.00%  0.59%  1.09%  3.37%  3.47%  3.86%  2.16 %
Risk 15  15.79%  11.11%  13.56%  12.24%  5.93%  12.43%  13.66%  15.73%  12.14%  21.26%  16.76 %
Risk 16  35.26%  33.95%  36.72%  33.33%  40.00%  28.40%  29.51%  28.65%  39.88%  29.95%  28.65 %
Risk 17  0.53%  0.00%  0.56%  0.00%  0.74%  0.59%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00 %
Risk 18  2.63%  1.23%  0.56%  0.00%  0.74%  1.78%  0.55%  1.69%  1.73%  0.48%  0.00 %
Risk 19  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.55%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00 %

* See the G lossary for the construction risks outlined in the above table .

Since J uly 2013, the top high risk construction category has been 16 - Construction work on
construction -sites where there is any movement of powered mobile plant . Given the nature of work
in the construction industry, Mobile Plant has  been the most reviewed Scheme criteria since
May  2015.
The second highest rated category was 1 - Construction work with risk of a person falling two metres
or more and the third highest rated category was 15 - Construction work on or adjacent to roadways
or railways used by road or rail traffic.


21
  Proportion of injuries by Selected Top Five, High -risk Construction Hazards Over Time  – July-December 2018



The graph above illustrates the top five construction hazards with noticeable movement since J uly 2013. In the
period J uly to December  2018, there have been proportional increases in the number of incidents involving the
construction of tunnels , with declines in the proportion of incidents involving powered mobile plant , road or rai lways
and falls of two meters or more.


 0%10%20%30%40%50%
Jul to Dec
2013Jan to Jun
2014Jul to Dec
2014Jan to Jun
2015Jul to Dec
2015Jan to Jun
2016Jul to Dec
2016Jan to Jun
2017Jul to Dec
2017Jan to Jun
2018Jul to Dec
2018percentage proportion of selected high risk injuriesProportion of Injuries by Selected High Risk Hazards -Jul-Dec 2018
16. Construction work on construction-sites where there is any movement of powered mobile plant
1. Construction work with risk of a person falling two metres or more
15. Construction work on or adjacent to roadways or railways used by road or rail traffic
12. Construction work on or near energized electrical installations and services
8. The construction of tunnels

22
  4.5 Working Time Lost
There has been no change in the most common duration  of working time lost since December 2011 ,
with ‘ Between one and three days ’ being  the highest ranking category . There is a progressive step
down in the proportion of days lost as duration increases, for example there is an average
16 percentage point difference between the first and second ranked categories.
Over 77 per cent of workers who suffered a time lost  injur y (in the reporting period) returned to
work in less than two weeks.


Proportion of  Injuries by  Working Time Lost (various durations) - July-December  2018
Period  1 day to less
than 3 days  3 days to less
than 1 week  1 week to less
than 2 weeks  2 weeks to less
than 1 month  1 month to less
than 3 months  3 months
or more
Jul to Dec 2013  38.67%  20.82%  17.85%  13.73%  7.09%  1.83%
Jan to Jun 2014  41.71%  22.61%  15.83%  11.31%  7.79%  0.75%
Jul to Dec 2014  42.75%  21.75%  12.25%  13.75%  7.00%  2.50%
Jan to Jun 2015  41.71%  21.14%  16.29%  12.29%  6.57%  2.00%
Jul to Dec 2015  40.57%  14.15%  18.55%  14.78%  7.86%  4.09%
Jan to Jun 2016  35.59%  25.76%  14.24%  12.88%  10.51%  1.02%
Jul to Dec 2016  34.28%  18.02%  20.14%  14.84%  10.60%  2.12%
Jan to Jun 2017  35.08%  18.03%  20.66%  16.07%  8.85%  1.31%
Jul to Dec 2017  37.74%  21.38%  13.84%  14.78%  11.01%  1.26%
Jan to Jun 2018  35.08%  23.69%  21.85%  9.85%  7.69%  1.85%
Jul to Dec 2018  31.52%  26.06%  19.70%  11.21%  9.39%  2.12%  31.52%
26.06%
19.70%
11.21%
9.39%
2.12%
0%5%10%15%20%25%30%35%
A. 1 day to less
than 3 daysB. 3 days to less
than 1 weekC. 1 week to less
than 2 weeksD. 2 weeks to less
than 1 monthE. 1 month to less
than 3 monthsF. 3 months or
morepercentage proportion of duration categoryProportion of Injuries by Working Time Lost -Jul-Dec 2018

23
  4.6 Proportion of injured workers by age
Nearly  75 per cent of injured workers were below the age of 45. The 25 -34 age bracket continues to
account for the highest number of reported incidents ( 32.26  per cent).  The 35 -44 age bracket has the
highest proportion of all incidents when compared with t he five year biannual average
(4 percentage  points higher).




Proportion of injured workers by age groups - July-December  2018
Period  15-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65 & Over
Jul to Dec 2013  19.55%  34.62%  23.24%  13.30%  8.65%  0.64%
Jan to Jun 2014  19.48%  31.84%  25.47%  16.48%  5.99%  0.75%
Jul to Dec 2014  19.05%  30.67%  20.38%  18.86%  9.14%  1.90%
Jan to Jun 2015  16.99%  35.46%  23.14%  15.50%  8.28%  0.64%
Jul to Dec 2015  12.50%  37.74%  21.88%  17.07%  10.58%  0.24%
Jan to Jun 2016  20.70%  33.95%  20.93%  15.35%  8.37%  0.70%
Jul to Dec 2016  17.30%  31.75%  20.38%  17.30%  12.09%  1.18%
Jan to Jun 2017  15.29%  34.18%  23.35%  17.20%  8.70%  1.27%
Jul to Dec 2017  15.75%  37.20%  23.62%  14.76%  7.48%  1.18%
Jan to Jun 2018  18.30%  33.72%  21.39%  15.41%  9.63%  1.54%
Jul to Dec 2018  16.03%  32.26%  26.65%  15.43%  8.22%  1.40%
  0%5%10%15%20%25%30%35%
15-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65 & overpercentage proportion of age categoryProportion of injured workers by age groups -Jul-Dec 2018
Age Bracket 2016 Census % of workforce

24
  4.7 Injured Worker’s  Occupation
Over  87 per cent of people injured in reports submitted to the OFSC were Tradesmen  (46.69  per cent) or
Labourer s (41.28  per cent ).




Proportion of Injured Workers by Occupation - July-December  2018
Period  Labourer  Tradesmen  Professional  Transport
workers  Managers
and admin  Clerical  Other
Jul to Dec 2013  37.85%  49.84%  2.34%  0.93%  2.18%  0.31%  6.54%
Jan to Jun 2014  41.65%  47.28%  1.05%  1.05%  2.11%  0.53%  6.33%
Jul to Dec  2014  40.59%  48.89%  1.48%  1.29%  1.48%  0.18%  6.09%
Jan to Jun 2015  47.40%  42.62%  0.83%  1.66%  1.87%  0.00%  5.61%
Jul to Dec 2015  38.19%  54.18%  1.43%  1.91%  1.91%  0.24%  2.15%
Jan to Jun 2016  42.09%  49.30%  2.33%  0.93%  0.47%  0.47%  4.42%
Jul to Dec 2016  40.3 8% 41.33% 3.09% 2.14% 3.33 % 0.24%  9.50 %
Jan to Jun 2017  42.28%  48.63%  1.48%  1.06%  3.17%  0.00%  3.38%
Jul to Dec 2017  37.87%  51.28%  1.18%  2.17%  2.37%  0.00%  5.13%
Jan to Jun 2018  48.75%  37.76%  1.54%  2.31%  1.93%  0.00%  7.71%
Jul to Dec 2018  41.28%  46.69%  2.00%  2.00%  1.60%  0.20%  6.21%  46.69%
41.28%
6.21%
2.00% 2.00% 1.60%0.20%
0%5%10%15%20%25%30%35%40%45%50%
2. Tradesmen 1. Labourer 7. Other 4. Transport
workers3. Professional 5. Managers
and
administration6. Clericalpercentage proportion of injuries per categoryProportion of Injured Workers by Occupation -Jul-Dec 2018

25
  4.8 Dangerous Occur rences

As a requirement for Scheme accreditation, the OFSC requires that accredited companies report their
near misses (dangerous occurrences). The OFSC use the same definition as the jurisdiction in which the
relevant project was being undertaken. Reports for notifiable incidents should be provided to the OFSC
within 48 hours.

There were 6 5 Scheme Dangerous O ccurrences reported to the OFSC in the July to December  2018
reporting period.
Incidents associated with  Mobile Plant continued to rank highly as a proportion of total incidents
received from  accredited companies. Scheme Dangerous Occurrences (20.5 per cent) and LTIs/MTIs
combined (27.2 per cent) for Mobile Plant ranked as the second high proportion in terms of all risk
categories through July  – December 2018.
The average proportion of companies that reported a Dangerous Occurrence dropped by three
perce ntage points between 2013 -15 and 2016 -18 (for the July -December period).
Number of Dangerous Occurrences  by Biannual Reporting Period


  Period  Dangerous Occurrences
Jul to Dec 2013  76
Jan to Jun 2014  53
Jul to Dec 2014  49
Jan to Jun 2015  58
Jul to Dec 2015  46
Jan to Jun 2016  54
Jul to  Dec 201 6 63
Jan to Jun 2017  51
Jul to Dec 2017  42
Jan to Jun 2018  63
Jul to Dec 2018  65

26
  4.9 Workers’ Compensation
Employers are generally required to pay w orkers’ compensation premiums to cover their workers in the
event of a work related injury or illness. The majority of employers in Australia are premium payers.
Premiums fund financial and medical support to injured workers, cover the costs of dispute
management and administration of the schemes.
Each jurisdic tion calculates its industry rates differently. Some calculate certain claims performance
elements, while other jurisdictions also include current industry premium rates. The number of self -
insurers also varies across different jurisdictions with varying c lassifications.
A premium rate is an additional percentage proportion of wages an employer pays to help cover the
cost of injured workers in their jurisdiction recover and return to work.
Accredited contractors tend to be below the industry average for Workers Compensation Premium
Rates in those jurisdictions where average rates are published.

Accredited Co ntractor  average Workers Compensation Premium Rate  by Biannual Period

Period  Mean
premium
rate ACT
% Mean
premium
rate NSW
% Mean
premium
rate NT
% Mean
premium
rate QLD
% Mean
premium
rate SA
% Mean
premium
rate TAS
% Mean
premium
rate VIC
% Mean
premium
rate WA
%
Jul to Dec 2013  3.318  2.906  2.334  1.728  2.705  2.275  1.531  1.466
Jan to Jun 2014  3.75 0 2.851  2.125  1.713  2.805  2.234  1.524  1.533
Jul to Dec 2014  3.303  2.529  1.913  1.558  2.749  2.126  1.49 0 1.471
Jan to Jun 2015  3.02 0 2.461  2.046  1.423  2.517  1.938  1.461  1.359
Jul to Dec 2015  3.162  2.507  2.115  1.447  2.523  2.095  1.465  1.37 0
Jan to Jun 2016  2.79 0 2.397  2.149  1.519  2.516  2.043  1.565  1.331
Jul to Dec 2016  3.141  2.476  2.285  1.473  2.305  2.092  1.359  1.337
Jan to Jun 2017  3.49 0 2.441  2.304  1.489  2.512  1.948  1.461  1.345
Jul to Dec 2017  3.487  2.522  2.220  1.493  2.248  1.860  1.383  1.380
Jan to Jun 2018  3.379  2.480  2.259  1.555  2.185  1.865  1.368  1.343
Jul to Dec 2018  3.694  2.406  2.507  1.369  2.104  2.158  1.370  1.461



27

Non -residential Industry  Construction Workers Compensation Premium Rate

Period  Mean
premium
rate ACT
% Mean
premium
rate NSW
% Mean
premium
rate NT
% Mean
premium
rate QLD
% Mean
premium
rate SA
% Mean
premium
rate TAS
% Mean
premium
rate VIC
% Mean
premium
rate WA
%
Non -residential
construction
September 20173 4.3804 NA5 NA6 2.136 2.347  3.22 0 1.432 1.460

5 Awards and Recognition
During this reporting period accredited contractors have been the recipients of a number of prest igious
safety awards, including – but not limited to – the following:
 ADCO Constructions Pty Ltd won the 2018 Master Builders – Bankwest Ex cellence in
Construction Awards ‘ Mark Allen Memoria l Fund Ex cellence in Workplace H ealth & Safety ’ for
the ‘ Regis Hollywood Aged care Redevelopmen t’ project.

 A.W. Edwards Pty Ltd won two 2018 Master Builders Association of NSW Excellence in
Construction Awards  – ‘Safety Innovation’ for the ‘ Blacktown Hospital Acut e Ser vices Building’
and ‘UNSW Electrical Engineering Building CRM ’ projects.

 Buildcorp Group Pty ltd won the 2018 icare Care and Service Excellence (CASE) Award for
Excellence in Injury Prevention  as a joint winner with Komatsu.

 Decon  Technologies Pty Ltd won the 2018 NECA Excellence Awards: Work Health and Safety
Management System (Company) .

 Downer EDI Works Pty Ltd won the 2018 Master Builders Australia National Excellence in
Building and Construction Awards – Office of the Federal Safety Commissioner (OFSC) National
Excellence in Workplace Health and Safety Award (Commercial)  for the ‘ Tuggeranong Parkway ’
project .

 Fairbrother Pty Ltd won the 2018 Master Builders Tasmania Awards for Excellence – Work
Health and Safety (WHS)  for the ‘UTAS NRAS Accommodation Units Stage 1’ project.


3 Safe Work Australia publicat ion Comparison of Workers’ Compensation Arrangements in Australia and New
Zealand Decemb er 201 8, Table 7.6 Selected Industry Premium Rates as at 30  September  2017, pages  236-238
(Qld,  SA, Tas, Vic, WA) .
4 ACT Workers’ Compensation Scheme Suggested Reasonable Premium Rates – 2018 -19 (Draft Discussion Paper).
Industry rate based on actuarial analysis for 2017/18.
5 NSW r ates have not been publicly disclosed since the 1 September 2015 reforms to separate the workers
compensation regulatory and insurance functions between the newly created statutory agencies, State Insurance
Regulatory Authority and Insurance and Care NSW.
6 The Northern Territory does not provide industry premium rates because the legislation gives insurers the power
to set their own industry premium rates and these do not have to be gazetted.

28
   FDC Construction & Fitout Pty Limited won the 2018 Master Builders Association of NSW
Excellence in Construction Awards ‘Site Safety – Commercial P rojects $50,000,001 & over ’ for the
‘University of Sydney - Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences’ project.

 FDC Construction & Fitout Pty Limited won the 2018 Master Builders Association of NSW
Exce llence in Construction Awards – ‘Site Safety – Commercial P rojects up to $50,000,000’  for
the ‘309 -321 Kent Street Ref urbishment Sydney’ project.

 Gradco Pty Ltd won the 2018 WorkSafe (Tasmania) Award - Category 2 (Large business):
Excellence in developing and implementing an initiative (solution) to an identified work health
and safety issue  for the ‘ Rhyndaston Rail Tunn el’ project.

 John Holland Pty Ltd won the 2018 Queensland Safe Work and Return to Work Award –
Category one: Best solution to an identified work health and safety issue for the ‘ Dalrymple Bay
Coal Terminal (DBCT)’ project.

 Kane Constructions Pty Ltd won the 2018  Master Builders Victoria Excellence in Construction
Awards: Excellence in Health and Safety Award  for the ‘University of Melbourne Western Edge
Biosciences (WEBS) ’ project .

 Laing O’Rourke Australia Construction Pty Ltd won the 2018 Master Builder s Brisbane Housing &
Construction Award: Excellence in Workplace Health and Safety  for the ‘Toolbox Spotter’
initiative.
 Shadforth's Civil Engineering Contractors Pty Ltd  won the 2018 National Safety Awards of
Excellence – Category 3: Best WHS Training Pro gram .

 Ventia Pty Limited won the 2018 Queensland Safe Work and Return to Work Award – Category
four: Most significant improvement to work health and safety performance  for the
improvements within ‘Gateway Motorway Services (GMS)’, the maintenance and traf fic incident
management service contractor for the ‘Gateway Upgrade Project ’.




29
  Glossary
Dangerous occurrence  - An incident where no person is injured, but could have been injured, resulting
in Serious Personal Injury, Incapacity or Death. Also commonly called a “near miss”.
Fatality Frequency Rate – The Fatality Frequency rate is calculated as follows:

All oth er Frequency rate s (i.e. TRIFR, LTIFR, MTIFR)  - are calculated as follows:

High -risk construction work hazards
1. Construction work where there is a risk of a person falling two metres or more
2. Construction work on telecommunications towers
3. Construction work involving demolition
4. Construction work involving the disturbance or removal of asbestos
5. Construction work involving structural alterations that require temporary support to prevent
collapse
6. Construction work involving a confined space
7. Construction wor k involving excavation to a depth greater than 1.5 metres
8. The construction of tunnels
9. Construction work involving the use of explosives
10. Construction work on or near pressurised gas distribution mains and consumer piping
11. Construction work on or near chemica l, fuel or refrigerant lines
12. Construction work on or near energised electrical installations and services
13. Construction work in an area that may have a contaminated or flammable atmosphere
14. Tilt-up and precast concrete construction work
15. Construction work on or adjacent to roadways or railways used by road or rail traffic
16. Work on construction sites where there is any movement of powered mobile plant
17. Construction work in an area where there are artificial extremes of temperature
18. Construction work in, over or ad jacent to water or other liquids where there is a risk of drowning
19. Construction work involving diving
Incident  - An incident resulting in an injury that is required to be notified by the W HS legislative
requirement for notifiable incidents in the jurisdict ion in which the project is being undertaken.


30 LTIFR (Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate)  - The number of occurrences of lost time injury that result
in a permanent disability or time lost from work of one day shift or more in the period. The number
of hours worked refers to the total number of hours worked by all workers in the period, includ ing
overtime and extra shifts.
From July -December 2018 onwards, LTIs for residential construction have been removed in the
context of Scheme to Non-Scheme comparisons to enable more meaningful comparisons .
Mean (average)  - The mean is the sum of all the sc ores divided by the number of scores.
Mechanism of incident classification
Major Groups
0. Falls, trips and slips of a person
1. Hitting objects with a part of the body
2. Being hit by moving objects
3. Sound and pressure
4. Body stressing
5. Heat, electr icity and other environmental factors
6. Chemicals and other substances
7. Biological factors
8. Mental stress
9. Vehicle incidents and other

MTIFR (Medically Treated Injury Frequency Rate)  - The number of occurrences of treatment by, or
under the order o f, a qualified medical practitioner, or any injury that could be considered as being
one that would normally be treated by a medical practitioner. The number of hours worked refers to
the total number of hours worked by all workers in the period, including  overtime and extra shifts.
From July -December 2018 onwards, MTIs for residential construction have been removed in the
context of Scheme to Non -Scheme comparisons to enable more meaningful comparisons.
Nature of injury classification
A. Intracranial injuries
B. Fractures
C. Wounds, lacerations, amputations and internal organ damage
D. Burns
E. Injury to nerves and spinal cord
F. Traumatic joint/ligament and muscle/tendon injury
G. Other injuries
H. Diseases and conditions


31 Non -Scheme projects  – Projects where the accredited contractor is the head contractor, the value of
building work is $ 4 million or more, and the project is not a Scheme project.
Scheme projects  - Projects that are directly funded by the Australian Government with a value of
$4 million or more, plus  projects that are indirectly funded by the Australian Government where:
 the value of the Australian Government contribution to the project is at leas t $5 million and
represents at least 50 per cent of the total construction project value; or
 the Australian Government contribution to a project is $10 million or more, irrespective of
the proportion of Australian Government funding.
TRIFR (Total Recorded  Injury Frequency Rate) – The total  number of Medically Treated Injuries, Lost
Time Injuries and Fatalities in the defined period divided by the number of hours worked in the
period, multiplied by one million.
From July -December 2018 onwards, injuries for residential construction have been removed in the
context of Scheme to Non -Scheme comparisons to enable more meaningful comparisons.






Biannual Report Data Analysis - Jan-
Jun 2018

Accredited Contractors  Data Report
January to June 2018
Reporting Period


2
  Contents
1 Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 3
2 Overview  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  3
2.1 Number of Accr editations  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  3
2.2 Number of Projects and Hours Worked  ................................ ................................ ..................  4
3 Analysis/Findings  ................................ ................................ ................................ ............................  6
3.1 Fatalities  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 6
3.2 Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)  ................................ ................................ .................  6
3.3 Medically Treated Injury Frequency Rate (MTIFR)  ................................ ................................ . 8
3.4 Total Recorded Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)  ................................ ................................ .......  9
3.5 LTIFR/MTIFR/TRIFR Summary  ................................ ................................ ...............................  10
3.6 Number of Notices Issued  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 12
4 Incidents  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ........  13
4.1 Nature of Injury  ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  13
4.2 Mechanism of Injury  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  15
4.3 Location of Injury  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..................  17
4.4 High-risk Construction Work  ................................ ................................ ................................ . 19
4.5 Working Time Lost  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  22
4.6 Age Breakdown  ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  23
4.7 Injured Worker’s Occupation  ................................ ................................ ................................  24
4.8 Dangerous Occurrences  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........  25
4.9 Workers’ Compensation  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  26
5 Awards and Recognition  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  27
Glossary  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  28


3
  1 Introduction
This report provides an overview of data collected from companies accredited under the Australian
Government Work Health and Safety (WHS) Accreditation Scheme (th e Scheme) for the period January to
June  2018. Comparisons are also made with data collected f rom previous biannual periods  to
demonstrate trends over time  where appropriate.
As a condition of accreditation , accredited contractors  are required to submit WHS data reports twice a
year, in addition to incident reports, Scheme project reports , and end of project reports.
Key terms and performance measures used throughout this report are defined in the Glossary
commencing on page 27.
2 Overview
2.1 Number of Accredit ations

The number of accredit ations  continues to grow, with 351 accreditations representing 43 8 companies1
submitting biannual reports for the January to June 2018 reporting period.  The number of accredited
companies has consistently increased since the Scheme commenced in 2005.
Period  Number of
Accreditations  Number of
Accredited
Companies  Number of newly
Accredited
Companies
Jan to Jun 2013  252 282 22
Jul to Dec 2013  273 306 26
Jan to Jun 2014  287 333 32
Jul to Dec 2014  305 349 38
Jan to Jun 2015  317 371 20
Jul to Dec 2015  331 390 26
Jan to Jun 2016  336 396 10
Jul to Dec 2016  340 413 22
Jan to Jun 2017  347 427 18
Jul to Dec 2017  347 433 20
Jan to Jun 2018  351 438 12



1 Accreditations can be granted to either an individual company or multiple companies as part of a joint
accreditation.

4
  Of the 351 accreditations, 216 (61.54 per cent) did not undertake Scheme projects during the reporting
period, with 31 (8.83 per cent) undertaking no projects as the head contractor during the reporting
period.

2.2 Number of Projects  and Hours Worked

Since the commencement of the Scheme in 2005, t he OFSC has been notified of 1,798  directly and
indirectly funded contracts for building work , with a combined value of $ 109.32  billion that had be en
covered by the Scheme ( which were active or completed as at 30 June 2018 ). Of the 1,798 notified
contracts, 285 were active and 1,513 were completed at the end of this reporting period.
The data gathered for th e reporting period includes non -Scheme projects valued at less than $ 4 million.
Period  Number of
Accredite d
contractors
reporting active
Scheme projects  Number of active
Scheme Projects  Number of
Accredited
contractors
reporting non -
Scheme projects  Number of non -
Scheme projects
where accredited
contractor was the
head contractor
Jan to Jun 2013  126 339 237 11,568
Jul to Dec 2013  137 362 254 13,01 6
Jan to Jun 2014  136 335 269 13,700
Jul to Dec 2014  129 306 277 13,328
Jan to Jun 2015  128 295 288 13,772
Jul to Dec 2015  129 289 298 9,164
Jan to Jun 2016  124 296 301 14,352
Jul to Dec 2016  129 300 299 14,082
Jan to Jun 2017  127 311 307 16,3 67
Jul to Dec 2017  127 313 297 15,9 57
Jan to Jun 2018  135 338 299 22,551
 050100150200250300350400
Jan-Jun
2013Jul-Dec
2013Jan-Jun
2014Jul-Dec
2014Jan-Jun
2015Jul-Dec
2015Jan-Jun
2016Jul-Dec
2016Jan-Jun
2017Jul-Dec
2017Jan-Jun
2018Accredited Contractors
Accredited Contractors
Accredited Contractors with nil projects
Accredited Contractors with nil Scheme projects

5
  Hours worked on Scheme projects
Period  Scheme projects
Commercial
(million hours)  Scheme Projects
Civil
(million hours)  Scheme Projects
Residential
(million hours)  Total Scheme
Projects
(million hours)
Jan to Jun 2013  13.62  19.27  0.77  33.66
Jul to Dec 2013  12.53  18.39  0.94  31.86
Jan to Jun 2014  13.20  16.28  1.09  30.57
Jul to Dec 2014  13.72  14.13  2.21  30.06
Jan to Jun 2015  8.86  17.71  0.84  27.41
Jul to Dec 2015  6.45  18.85  0.84  26.14
Jan to Jun 2016  4.31  19.00  2.14  25.45
Jul to Dec 2016  7.41  22.56  1.67  31.64
Jan to Jun 2017  6.15  24.30  1.32  31.77
Jul to Dec 2017  7.92  30.72  1.93  40.57
Jan to Jun 2018  6.92  37.60  2.19  46.71

Hours worked on non–Scheme projects
Period  Non -Scheme projects
Commercial
(million hours)  Non -Scheme Projects
Civil
(million hours)  Non -Scheme Projects
Residential
(million hours)  Total Non -Scheme
Projects
(million hours)
Jan to Jun 2013  68.32  61.50  5.96  135.78
Jul to Dec 2013  76.36  67.32  9.21  152.89
Jan to Jun 2014  70.17  58.27  9.42  137.86
Jul to Dec 2014  72.37  65.27  14.14  151.78
Jan to Jun 2015  72.14  67.83  9.34  149.31
Jul to Dec 2015  73.56  62.27  10.54  146.37
Jan to Jun 2016  77.48  55.33  14.94  147.75
Jul to Dec 2016  79.88  71.50  13.69  165.07
Jan to Jun 2017  76.29  65.56  12.97  154.82
Jul to Dec 2017  80.95  82.86  8.91  172.73
Jan to Jun 2018  79.41  82.14  11.70  173.25



6
  3 Analysis/Findings
3.1 Fatalities
Period  Number of
Fatalities on
Scheme
projects  Scheme
project
Fatalities
frequency
rate2 Number of
Fatalities on
non-Scheme
projects  Non -Scheme
projects
Fatalities
frequency
rate2 Number of
Fatalities all
projects  All projects
Fatalities
frequency
rate2
Jan to Jun  2013  2 5.94  3 2.21  5 2.95
Jul to Dec 2013  0 0.00  1 0.66  1 0.54
Jan to Jun 2014  0 0.00  0 0.00  0 0.00
Jul to Dec 201 4 0 0.00  2 1.32  2 1.10
Jan to Jun 2015  0 0.00  1 0.67  1 0.57
Jul to Dec 2015  0 0.00  2 1.37  2 1.16
Jan to Jun 2016  1 3.96  1 0.68  2 1.16
Jul to Dec 2016  0 0.00  2 1.21  2 1.02
Jan to Jun 2017  2 6.29  2 1.29 4 2.14
Jul to Dec 2017  2 4.93  1 0.58  3 1.41
Jan to Jun 2018  0 0.00  3 1.73  3 1.36

3.2 Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)
In response to industry feedback, the OFSC has amended the methodology for calculating the LTIFR to
better align with industr y’s standard calculation of the LTIFR as a frequency rate (see glossary for
frequency rate formula). The biannual analysis report LTIFR is now calculated as a frequency rate for the
Scheme  instead of calculating individual accredited companies LTIFR s and reporting the average of
accredited companies LTIFR s.
Both t he Scheme and non -Scheme project LTIFR s for this period are lower than the average of the
corresponding periods for the  previous five years.


2 See glossary for frequency rate formulas

7

Period  Scheme project LTIFR  Non -Scheme projects LTIFR
Jan to Jun 2013  2.11  2.48
Jul to Dec 2013  2.79  2.55
Jan to Jun 2014  1.83  2.67
Jul to Dec 2014  2.59  2.22
Jan to Jun 2015  2.30  2.08
Jul to Dec 2015  1.57  2.03
Jan to Jun 2016  1.81  2.05
Jul to Dec 2016  1.04  1.86
Jan to Jun 2017  1.51  2.19
Jul to Dec 2017  1.13  1.93
Jan to Jun 2018  0.90  1.94
Average Rate
Jan to Jun  2013-17 1.91  2.29

LTIFR by construction type
Out of all construction types , the highest LTIFR rate was recorded by commercial, non -Scheme projects.
Out of all non -Scheme work carried out by accredited contractors , Commercial projects recorded the
highest LTIFR (2.67), followed by Residential projects (2.38) and Civil projects (1 .02).

For all Scheme work carried out by accredited contractors , Commerc ial projects recorded the highest
LTIFR ( 2.31), followed by Civil projects (0.69) and Residentia l projects ( 0.00).


 Civil  Commercial  Residential  All
Scheme LTIFR  0.69 2.31  0.00  0.90
Non -Scheme LTIFR  1.02  2.67  2.38  1.94



8
  3.3 Medically Treated Injury Frequency Rate (MTIFR)

In response to industry feedback, the OFSC has amended the methodology for calculating the MTIFR to
better align with industry’s calculation of the MTIFR as a frequency rate (see glossary for frequency rate
formula). The biannual analysis report MTIFR is now calculated as a frequency rate for the Scheme instead
of calculating individual accredited companies MTI FRs and reporting the average of accredited companies
MTIFRs.
Both the Scheme and non -Scheme project MTIFRs for this period are lower than the average of the
corresponding periods for the previous five years.
Period  Scheme project MTIFR  Non -Scheme projects
MTIFR
Jan to Jun 2013  7.46  12.91
Jul to Dec 2013  6.46  11.45
Jan to Jun 2014  5.99  12.54
Jul to Dec 2014  4.96  10.44
Jan to Jun 2015  4.78  11.64
Jul to Dec 2015  3.98  9.83
Jan to Jun 2016  4.76  9.47
Jul to Dec 2016  3.95  8.97
Jan to Jun 2017  4.31  8.94
Jul to Dec 2017  4.29  8.07
Jan to Jun 2018  4.13  8.10
Average Rate
Jan to Jun 2013 -17 5.46  11.10

MTIFR by construction type
Out of all construction types , the highest MTIFR rate was recorded by commercial, non -Scheme projects .
Out of all n on-Scheme work carried out by accredited contractors,  Commercial projects recorded the
highest MTIFR (11.33), followed by Residential projects  (11.18) and Civil projects (3.87).
For all Scheme work carried out by accredited contractors , Commercia l projects recorded the highest
MTIFR ( 7.52 ), followed by C ivil projects  (3.75) and Residentia l projects ( 0.00 ).

  Civil  Commercial  Residential  All
Scheme MTIFR  3.75  7.52  0.00  4.13
Non -Scheme MTIFR  3.87  11.33  11.18  8.10



9
  3.4 Total Recorded Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
In response to industry feedback, the OFSC has  amended the methodology for calculating  the TRIFR to
better align with industry’s  standard  calculation of the TRIFR as a frequency rate (see glossary for
frequency rate formula) . The biannual analysis report TRIFR is now calculated as a frequency rate for the
Scheme instead  of calculating individual accredited companies TRIFRs and reporting the average of
accredited companies TRIFRs.
Note: TRIFR does not include hours worked on projects less than $ 4 million, or fatalities on projects less
than $ 4 million .
Period  Scheme project TRIFR  Non -Scheme projects TRIFR
Jan to Jun 2013  9.62  15.41
Jul to Dec 2013  9.26  14.00
Jan to Jun 2014  7.82  15.21
Jul to Dec 2014  7.55  12.68
Jan to Jun 2015  7.08  13.72
Jul to Dec 2015  5.55  11.88
Jan to Jun 2016  6.60  11.52
Jul to Dec 2016  4.99  10.84
Jan to Jun 2017  5.89  11.14
Jul to Dec 2017  5.47  10.01
Jan to Jun 2018  5.03  10.06
Average Rate
Jan to Jun 2013 -17  7.40 13.4 0

TRIFR by construction type
Out of all construction types, the highest TRIFR rate was recorded by commercial, non -scheme projects.
Out of all non -Scheme work carried out by accredited contractors, Commercial projects recorded the
highest TRIFR (14.00), followed by R esidential  projects  (13.56) and Civil projects (4.94).
For all Scheme work carried out by accredited contractors, Commercial  projects recorded the highest
TRIFR ( 9.83 ), followed by Civil projects ( 4.44 ) and Residentia l projects ( 0.00 ).

 Civil  Commercial  Residential  All
Scheme TRIFR  4.44  9.83  0.00  5.03
Non -Scheme TRIFR  4.94  14.00  13.56  10.06


10
  3.5 LTIFR/MTIFR/TRIFR Summary
The graph below summarises the  LTIFR figures across construction types and Scheme and non -Scheme
projects. The non-Scheme LTIFR exceeds the Scheme LTIFR on all construction types.


The following graph summarises the  MTIFR figures across construction types and Scheme and
non-Scheme p rojects. The non -Scheme MTIFR exceeds the Scheme MTIFR on all construction types.


0.000.501.001.502.002.503.00
Civil LTIFR Commercial LTIFR Residential LTIFR All Projects LTIFRLTIFR Summary
Scheme
Non Scheme
0.002.004.006.008.0010.0012.00
Civil MTIFR Commercial MTIFR Residential MTIFR All Projects MTIFRMTIFR Summary
Scheme
Non Scheme

11
  The following graph summarises the  TRIFR figures across construction types and Scheme and non -Scheme
projects .  The non -Scheme TRIFR exceeds the Scheme TRIFR on all const ruction types.

0.002.004.006.008.0010.0012.0014.0016.00
Civil TRIFR Commercial TRIFR Residential TRIFR All Projects TRIFRTRIFR Summary
Scheme
Non Scheme

12
  3.6 Number of Notices Issued
The Biannual Report records the outcomes of WorkCover  assessments or court actions issued by the
relevant WHS authority of the jurisdiction in which the project is being undertaken. Accredited contractors
report the number of notices issued to them as the head contractor or subcontractor, and notices issued
to their subcontractors working on site during the period. The types of notices are:

Infringement
WHS regulations may allow for infringement notices to be issued as an alternative to prosecution for an
offence that is not indictable.

Prohibition
Prohi bition notices are issued for any work that involves or will involve an immediate risk to the health,
safety and welfare of any person.

Improvement
Issued if the WHS authority believes someone has contravened the Act or regulations of the jurisdiction,
or that a contravention may continue to be repeated. An improvement notice may also include directions
about how to remedy a breach.

Other – (e.g. enforceable undertakings)
A WHS related notice (other than an infringement, prohibition or improvement not ice) issued by the
relevant WHS authority in the jurisdiction in which the project is being undertaken.

Period  Infringement
Notices  Prohibition
Notices  Improvement
Notices  Other Notices
(e.g.
enforceable
undertakings)  Total Notices
Jan to Jun 2013  8 41 112 5 166
Jul to Dec 2013  1 43 104 7 155
Jan to Jun 2014  5 39 126 3 173
Jul to Dec 2014  0 35 114 4 153
Jan to Jun 2015  0 24 43 7 74
Jul to Dec 2015  0 10 52 11 73
Jan to Jun 2016  3 21 54 4 82
Jul to Dec 2016  3 19 69 8 99
Jan to Jun 2017  3 31 115 8 157
Jul to Dec 2017  3 47 110 6 166
Jan to Jun 2018  8 37 153 3 201



13
  4 Incidents
Accredited contractors are required to provide incident reports for lost time injuries, medically treated
injuries and notifiable dangerous occurrences that occur on Scheme projects, as well as lost time injuries
that occur on non -Scheme projects valued at greater than $ 4 million. Incident reports for all fatalities —
regardless of project value —must also be submitted.
4.1 Nature of I njury
Wounds, lacerations, amputation s and internal organ damage  injuries (42.77  per cent) have slightly
increased when compared to the average of the corresponding period s for the previous five years  and still
remain s the highest occurring category. Traumatic joint/ligament and muscle/tendons  injuries account for
20.62  per cent of all reported incidents .
Since the January to June 2013  reporting period, Wounds, lacerations, amputations and internal organ
damage  injuries and Traumatic joint/ligament and muscle/tendons  injuries have been the first and second
most report ed injury category respectively , and on average these two categories make up over
66 per cent of the total.
The Other diseases and claims  category was included from the January to June 2016 reporting period to
collect data pertaining to mental illnesses and all other injuries not previously captured.

42.77%
20.62%17.73%
16.38%
0.77% 0.58% 0.39% 0.39% 0.39%
0.00%5.00%10.00%15.00%20.00%25.00%30.00%35.00%40.00%45.00%Nature of Injury
C. Wounds, lacerations, amputations and internal organ damage
F. Traumatic joint/ ligament and muscle/ tendon injury
B. Fractures
G. Other injuries
D. Burns
I. Other diseases and claims
A. Intracranial injuries
E. Injury to nerves and spinal cord
H. Diseases and conditions

14
  Nature of Injury
Period  Injury A  Injury B  Injury C  Injury D  Injury E  Injury F  Injury G  Injury H  Injury I
Jan to Jun 2013  0.16%  12.28%  43.22%  2.71%  0.48%  21.69%  19.14%  0.32%  -
Jul to Dec 2013  0.78%  13.40%  36.92%  2.49%  0.93%  28.97%  14.95%  1.56%  -
Jan to Jun 2014  0.18%  15.64%  39.54%  0.70%  1.05%  26.89%  15.29%  0.70%  -
Jul to Dec 2014  0.74%  13.84%  36.72%  0.55%  0.37%  31.18%  16.24%  0.37%  -
Jan to Jun 2015  0.21%  15.00%  38.96%  2.29%  0.63%  29.58%  13.33%  0.00%  -
Jul to Dec 2015  0.48%  14.80%  39.62%  1.19%  0.48%  29.83%  13.60%  0.00%  -
Jan to Jun 2016  1.17%  14.72%  42.99%  2.10%  1.17%  25.23%  11.92%  0.47%  0.23%
Jul to Dec 2016  0.48%  17.2 7% 43.65% 0.48%  1.20%  24.22 % 11.51 % 0.48%  0.72%
Jan to Jun 2017  0.86%  15.91%  36.56%  1.51%  0.65%  29.25%  12.90%  0.86%  1.51%
Jul to Dec 2017  0.61%  19.18%  45.10%  1.43%  0.20%  19.18%  13.47%  0.41%  0.41%
Jan to Jun 2018  0.39 % 17.73% 42.77 % 0.77 % 0.39 % 20.62 % 16.38 % 0.39 % 0.58 %

Nature of Injury Categories
Injury A. Intracranial injuries
Injury B. Fractures
Injury C . Wounds, lacerations, amputations and internal organ damage
Injury D . Burns
Injury E . Injury to nerves and spinal cord
Injury F . Traumatic joint/ligament and muscle/tendon injury
Injury G . Other injuries
Injury H . Diseases and conditions
Injury I . Other disease s and claims










15
  4.2 Mechanism of Injury

The top four mechanisms of injury reported to the OFSC were Being hit by moving objects
(31.21  per cent), Hitting objects with part of the body  (25.05  per cent), Falls, trips and slips of a person
(24.08  per cent), and Body Stressing  (13.29  per cent). These mechanisms account for 93.64  per cent of all
injuries reported during the period. These are the same four categories that were identified in the
correspond ing period in 201 7.










31.21%
25.05%24.08%
13.29%
1.93% 1.54% 1.54% 1.16%0.19% 0.00%
0.00%5.00%10.00%15.00%20.00%25.00%30.00%35.00%Mechanism of Injury
2. Being hit by moving objects
1. Hitting objects with part of the body
0. Falls, trips and slips of a person
4. Body stressing
9. Vehicle incidents and other
5. Heat, electricity and other environmental factors
6. Chemical and other substances
3. Sound and pressure
7. Biological factors
8. Mental Stress

16
  Mechanism of Injury

Mechanism of Injury  Categories
Mechanism 0. Falls, trips and slips of a person
Mechanism 1. Hitting objects with part of the body
Mechanism 2. Being hit by moving objects
Mechanism 3. Sound and pressure
Mechanism 4. Body stressing
Mechanism 5. Heat, electricity and other environmental factors
Mechan ism 6. Chemical and other substances
Mechanism 7. Biological factors
Mechanism 8. Mental stress
Mechanism 9. Vehicle incidents and other
 Period  Mech.
0 Mech.
1 Mech.
2 Mech.
3 Mech.
4 Mech.
5 Mech.
6 Mech.
7 Mech.
8 Mech.
9
Jan to
Jun 2013  15.31%  24.40%  31.74%  1.12%  17.38%  4.15%  2.71%  0.32%  0.16%  2.71%
Jul to
Dec 2013  19.00%  19.78%  28.97%  0.62%  22.90%  2.65%  2.02%  0.62%  0.00%  3.43%
Jan to
Jun 2014  23.20%  25.31%  26.36%  0.18%  18.45%  1.41%  0.88%  0.88%  0.00%  3.34%
Jul to
Dec 2014  26.94%  18.82%  30.26%  0.18%  16.61%  1.66%  2.21%  0.92%  0.00%  2.40%
Jan to
Jun 2015  25.36%  22.45%  28.07%  0.21%  16.01%  2.49%  1.46%  1.04%  0.42%  2.49%
Jul to
Dec 2015  27.45%  23.63%  25.78%  0.00%  15.75%  1.67%  2.15%  0.24%  0.24%  3.10%
Jan to
Jun 2016  24.88%  23.72%  29.53%  0.23%  14.42%  2.79%  1.40%  0.70%  0.47%  1.86%
Jul to
Dec 2016  26.37%  24.47%  28.74%  0.24%  15.20%  0.24%  1.66%  0.48%  0.00%  2.61%
Jan to
Jun 2017  24.52%  22.83%  28.96%  0.63%  16.49%  1.48%  2.11%  0.21%  0.21%  2.54%
Jul to
Dec 2017  25.64%  25.25%  29.78%  0.79%  12.82%  1.18%  1.18%  0.20%  0.00%  3.16%
Jan to
Jun 2018  24.08 % 25.05 % 31.21 % 1.16 % 13.29 % 1.54 % 1.54 % 0.19 % 0.00 % 1.93 %

17
  4.3 Location of Injury
Over 72 per cent of injuries reported were sustained to upper limbs  (43.93  per cent) and
lower  limbs  (28.32  per cent).



43.93%
28.32%
12.52%8.67%
2.50% 1.93% 1.73% 0.39% 0.00%
0.00%5.00%10.00%15.00%20.00%25.00%30.00%35.00%40.00%45.00%50.00%Location of Injury
4. Upper limbs
 5. Lower limbs
 3. Trunk
1. Head
 6. Multiple locations
 9. Unspecified locations
2. Neck
 8. Non-physical location
 7. Systemic location

18
  Location of Injury
Period  Loc. 1  Loc. 2  Loc. 3  Loc. 4  Loc. 5  Loc. 6  Loc. 7  Loc. 8  Loc. 9
Jan to
Jun 2013  12.12%  1.12%  14.83%  36.84%  28.71%  2.55%  0.32%  0.64%  2.87%
Jul to
Dec 201 3 10.44%  1.25%  13.86%  40.65%  28.19%  3.58%  0.47%  0.31%  1.25%
Jan to
Jun 2014  8.44%  2.64%  15.11%  38.84%  30.58%  1.76%  0.88%  0.18%  1.58%
Jul to
Dec 2014  8.49%  2.03%  16.61%  38.56%  29.52%  1.66%  0.92%  0.00%  2.21%
Jan to
Jun 2015  8.73%  1.87%  13.51%  40.75%  30.98%  2.29%  0.00%  0.62%  1.25%
Jul to
Dec 2015  9.79%  1.67%  14.56%  41.29%  28.64%  3.10%  0.24%  0.24%  0.48%
Jan to
Jun 2016  8.60%  1.63%  15.12%  41.40%  29.30%  1.63%  0.23%  0.47%  1.63%
Jul to
Dec 2016  6.18% 1.90%  11.6 4% 41.09 % 33.97 % 2.61%  0.00%  0.00%  2.84%
Jan to
Jun 2017  6.13%  1.48%  13.74%  40.38%  31.71%  2.33%  1.06%  0.42%  2.75%
Jul to
Dec 2017  9.86%  1.38%  12.62%  41.03%  31.36%  2.76%  0.20%  0.00%  0.79%
Jan to
Jun 2018  8.67 % 1.73 % 12.52 % 43.93 % 28.32 % 2.50% 0.00 % 0.39 % 1.93 %

Location  of Injury Categories
Location 1. Head
Location 2. Neck
Location 3. Trunk
Location 4. Upper limbs
Location 5. Lower limbs
Location 6. Multiple locations
Location 7. Systemic location
Location 8. Non -physical location
Location 9. Unspecified locations






19
  4.4 High -risk Construction Work *
When submitting incident reports, accredited contractors are required to discl ose – where applicable – what was the
most significant high -risk construction work  taking place at the time of the incident. Of the incident reports
submitted, 35 per cent nominated high -risk construction work as having been undertaken at the time of the
incident. The three most common categories of high -risk work taking place at th e time of an incident were:
• construction work on construction sites where there is any movement of powered mobile plant
(29.95  per cent) ;
• construction work on or adjacent to roadways or railways used by road or rail traffic (21.26  per cent) ; and
• construction work with risk of a person falling two metres or more ( 16.43  per cent)

*See glossary for high -risk construction work details .
29.95%
21.26%
16.43%
11.11%
7.25%
3.86%
2.90% 2.42% 2.42%0.97% 0.48% 0.48% 0.48%
0.00%5.00%10.00%15.00%20.00%25.00%30.00%35.00%High Risk Construction Work
16. Construction work on construction-sites where there is any movement of powered
mobile plant
15. Construction work on or adjacent to roadways or railways used by road or rail traffic
1. Construction work with risk of a person falling two metres or more
8. The construction of tunnels
12. Construction work on or near energised electrical installations and services
14. Tilt-up and precast concrete construction work
3. Construction work involving demolition
5. Construction work involving structural alterations that require temporary support to
prevent collapse
7. Construction work involving excavation to a depth greater than 1.5 m
6. Construction work involving a confined space
2. Construction work on telecommunications towers
4. Construction work involving the disturbance or removal of asbestos
18. Construction work in, over or adjacent to water or other liquids where there is a risk of
drowning

20
  High -risk Constructi on Work
Period  Jan to
Jun
2013  Jul to
Dec
2013  Jan to
Jun
2014  Jul to
Dec
2014  Jan to
Jun
2015  Jul to
Dec
2015  Jan to
Jun
2016  Jul to
Dec
2016  Jan to
Jun
2017  Jul to
Dec
2017  Jan to
Jun
2018
Risk 1  11.63%  13.68%  17.90%  16.95%  15.65%  20.00%  26.04%  25.68%  28.65%  23.12%  16.43 %
Risk 2  0.00%  0.00%  1.23%  0.56%  0.68%  2.96%  2.37%  0.55%  0.56%  0.00%  0.48 %
Risk 3  2.33%  3.16%  3.70%  3.95%  2.04%  2.96%  5.92%  3.28%  3.37%  4.62%  2.90 %
Risk 4  1.86%  3.16%  3.70%  0.56%  6.12%  1.48%  0.00%  3.28%  1.69%  1.16%  0.48 %
Risk 5  2.33%  2.11%  5.56%  9.04%  6.12%  5.93%  4.14%  0.55%  3.37%  1.16%  2.42 %
Risk 6  0.00%  0.53%  0.62%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.55%  1.12%  0.00%  0.97 %
Risk 7  3.26%  3.68%  1.85%  2.26%  0.68%  2.22%  4.14%  4.92%  0.56%  3.47%  2.42 %
Risk 8  5.58%  3.16%  6.79%  3.95%  5.44%  0.74%  0.00%  2.19%  3.37%  2.31%  11.11 %
Risk 9  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00 %
Risk 10  3.72%  2.63%  4.94%  0.56%  3.40%  1.48%  2.37%  3.83%  1.12%  0.58%  0.00 %
Risk 11  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  1.36%  0.74%  0.00%  0.55%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00 %
Risk 12  13.02%  10.00%  4.32%  9.04%  10.20%  14.07%  11.24%  8.74%  6.18%  6.36%  7.25 %
Risk 13  0.47%  0.53%  0.00%  0.00%  0.68%  0.00%  0.00%  0.55%  0.56%  0.00%  0.00 %
Risk 14  2.79%  3.16%  3.09%  1.69%  2.04%  0.00%  0.59%  1.09%  3.37%  3.47%  3.86 %
Risk 15  18.14%  15.79%  11.11%  13.56%  12.24%  5.93%  12.43%  13.66%  15.73%  12.14%  21.26 %
Risk 16  33.95%  35.26%  33.95%  36.72%  33.33%  40.00%  28.40%  29.51%  28.65%  39.88%  29.95 %
Risk 17  0.47%  0.53%  0.00%  0.56%  0.00%  0.74%  0.59%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00 %
Risk 18  0.00%  2.63%  1.23%  0.56%  0.00%  0.74%  1.78%  0.55%  1.69%  1.73%  0.48 %
Risk 19  0.47%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.55%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00 %
Since January 201 3, the top high risk construction category has been 16 - Construction work on
construction -sites where there is any movement of powered mobile plant . Although there has been
some general fluctuation in the figures between the January -June and July -December reporting
periods,  Mobile Plant continues to be one of the main hazards reviewed at audit.
Historically, the second highest rated category has generally been 1 - Construction work with risk of a
person falling two metres or more , however for this reporting period, 15 - Construction work on or
adjacent to roadways or railways used by road or rail  traffic is the second highest category. High risk
incidents attributed to road and railway construction are proportionally the highest in the last five
years, and 7 percentage points above the average for the January -June period.






*See glossary for high -risk construction work details .

21
  Selected Top Five, High -risk Constructi on Hazards Over Time

The graph above illustrates the top five construction hazards with noticeable movement since January 2013. In the
period Janu ary-June 2018, there have been proportional increases in the number of incidents involving the
construction of tunnels and road or railways, with declines in the proportion of incidents involving powered mobile
plant and falls of two meters or more.





 0.00%10.00%20.00%30.00%40.00%50.00%
Jan to Jun
2013Jul to Dec
2013Jan to Jun
2014Jul to Dec
2014Jan to Jun
2015Jul to Dec
2015Jan to Jun
2016Jul to Dec
2016Jan to Jun
2017Jul to Dec
2017Jan to Jun
2018Selected High Risk Hazards -Percentage Over Time
16. Construction work on construction-sites where there is any movement of powered mobile plant
1. Construction work with risk of a person falling two metres or more
15. Construction work on or adjacent to roadways or railways used by road or rail traffic
12. Construction work on or near energized electrical installations and services
8. The construction of tunnels

22
  4.5 Working Time Lost
There has been no change in the most common length of working time lost since the OFSC began
collecting this information in July to December 2011. B etween one and three days  remains the
highest ranking category . There is consistently a significant percentage difference between the first
and second highest categories (average 18 percentage points ). Over 80 per cent of workers who
suffered a lost time injury returned to work in  less than two weeks.


Working Time Lost
Period  A B C D E F
Jan to Jun 2013  46.67%  23.20%  12.27%  8.80%  6.67%  2.40%
Jul to Dec 2013  38.67%  20.82%  17.85%  13.73%  7.09%  1.83%
Jan to Jun 2014  41.71%  22.61%  15.83%  11.31%  7.79%  0.75%
Jul to Dec 2014  42.75%  21.75%  12.25%  13.75%  7.00%  2.50%
Jan to Jun 2015  41.71%  21.14%  16.29%  12.29%  6.57%  2.00%
Jul to Dec 2015  40.57%  14.15%  18.55%  14.78%  7.86%  4.09%
Jan to Jun 2016  35.59%  25.76%  14.24%  12.88%  10.51%  1.02%
Jul to Dec 2016  34.28%  18.02%  20.14%  14.84%  10.60%  2.12%
Jan to Jun 2017  35.08%  18.03%  20.66%  16.07%  8.85%  1.31%
Jul to Dec 2017  37.74%  21.38%  13.84%  14.78%  11.01%  1.26%
Jan to Jun 2018  35.08%  23.69%  21.85%  9.85%  7.69%  1.85%
35.08%
23.69%
21.85%
9.85%7.69%
1.85%
0.00%5.00%10.00%15.00%20.00%25.00%30.00%35.00%40.00%Working Time Lost
A. 1 day to less than 3 days
B. 3 days to less than 1 week
C. 1 week to less than 2 weeks
D. 2 weeks to less than 1 month
E. 1 month to less than 3 months
F. 3 months or more

23
  4.6 Age Breakdown
Over 73 per cent of injured workers were below the age of 45. The 25 -34 age bracket continues to
account for the highest number of reported incidents ( 33.72  per cent).  There has been a n increase
(8.28 per cent) in the number of incidents reported for the  55-64 age bracket when compared to the
average of the corresponding period s for the previous five years .




Incident Age Breakdown
Period  15-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65 & Over
Jan to Jun 2013  18.20%  33.33%  20.93%  16.59%  9.66%  1.29%
Jul to Dec 2013  19.55%  34.62%  23.24%  13.30%  8.65%  0.64%
Jan to Jun 2014  19.48%  31.84%  25.47%  16.48%  5.99%  0.75%
Jul to Dec 2014  19.05%  30.67%  20.38%  18.86%  9.14%  1.90%
Jan to Jun 2015  16.99%  35.46%  23.14%  15.50%  8.28%  0.64%
Jul to Dec 2015  12.50%  37.74%  21.88%  17.07%  10.58%  0.24%
Jan to Jun 2016  20.70%  33.95%  20.93%  15.35%  8.37%  0.70%
Jul to Dec 2016  17.30%  31.75%  20.38%  17.30%  12.09%  1.18%
Jan to Jun 2017  15.29%  34.18%  23.35%  17.20%  8.70%  1.27%
Jul to Dec 2017  15.75%  37.20%  23.62%  14.76%  7.48%  1.18%
Jan to Jun 2018  18.30%  33.72%  21.39%  15.41%  9.63%  1.54%

0.00%5.00%10.00%15.00%20.00%25.00%30.00%35.00%40.00%
15-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65 & overIncident Age Breakdown
Age Bracket 2016 Census % of workforce

24
  4.7 Injured Worker’s  Occupation
Over  86 per cent of people injured in reports submitted to the OFSC were Labourers  (48.75  per cent) or
Tradesmen  (37.76 per cent ).




Workers Occupation
Period  1 2 3 4 5 6 7
Jan to Jun 2013  42.58%  47.69%  1.91%  0.48%  1.91%  0.00%  5.42%
Jul to Dec 2013  37.85%  49.84%  2.34%  0.93%  2.18%  0.31%  6.54%
Jan to Jun 2014  41.65%  47.28%  1.05%  1.05%  2.11%  0.53%  6.33%
Jul to Dec 2014  40.59%  48.89%  1.48%  1.29%  1.48%  0.18%  6.09%
Jan to Jun 2015  47.40%  42.62%  0.83%  1.66%  1.87%  0.00%  5.61%
Jul to Dec 2015  38.19%  54.18%  1.43%  1.91%  1.91%  0.24%  2.15%
Jan to Jun 2016  42.09%  49.30%  2.33%  0.93%  0.47%  0.47%  4.42%
Jul to Dec 2016  40.3 8% 41.33% 3.09% 2.14% 3.33 % 0.24%  9.50 %
Jan to Jun 2017  42.28%  48.63%  1.48%  1.06%  3.17%  0.00%  3.38%
Jul to Dec 2017  37.87%  51.28%  1.18%  2.17%  2.37%  0.00%  5.13%
Jan to Jun 2018  48.75%  37.76%  1.54%  2.31%  1.93%  0.00%  7.71%
48.75%
37.76%
7.71%
2.31% 1.93% 1.54%0.00%
0.00%10.00%20.00%30.00%40.00%50.00%60.00%Workers Occupation
1. Labourer
2. Tradesmen
7. Other
4. Transport workers
5. Managers and administration
3. Professional
6. Clerical

25
  4.8 Dangerous Occur rences

The OFSC encourages companies to accurately report Dangerous Occurrences both internally and to
external bodies such as the OFSC. A Dangerous Occurrence (or ‘near miss’) can be as revealing of WHS
system inadequacies as an incident that does  result in an i njury or fatality.
There were 63  Scheme Dangerous Occurrences reported to the OFSC in the January to June 2018
reporting period.
There was some further correlation between the circumstances of the Dangerous Occurrences reported
to the OFSC and those of the incidents resulting in injury. The most common high -risk work nomination
in the Dangerous Occurrence incident reports was also the most commonly nomina ted in the
LTI/MTI/Fatality reports ( Construction work on construction -sites where there is any movement of
powered mobile plant ).
Since Dangerous Occurrence s data has been collected, the number of companies reporting Dangerous
Occurrences for the January to June  period has progressively decreased from 23 per cent to 1 6 per cent.
Dangerous Occurrences


  Period  Dangerous Occurrences
Jan to Jun 2013  84
Jul to Dec 2013  76
Jan to Jun 2014  53
Jul to Dec 2014  49
Jan to Jun 2015  58
Jul to Dec 2015  46
Jan to Jun 2016  54
Jul to  Dec 201 6 63
Jan to Jun 2017  51
Jul to Dec 2017  42
Jan to Jun 2018  63

26
  4.9 Workers’ Compensation
Accredited contractors continue to be well below the industry average for Workers Compensation
Premium Rates  in those jurisdictions where average rates are published .
Accredited Co ntractors
Period  Mean
premium
rate ACT
% Mean
premium
rate NSW
% Mean
premium
rate NT
% Mean
premium
rate QLD
% Mean
premium
rate SA
% Mean
premium
rate TAS
% Mean
premium
rate VIC
% Mean
premium
rate WA
%
Jan to Jun 2013  3.442  3.217  2.324  1.769  2.801  1.935  1.584  1.627
Jul to Dec 2013  3.318  2.906  2.334  1.728  2.705  2.275  1.531  1.466
Jan to Jun 2014  3.75  2.851  2.125  1.713  2.805  2.234  1.524  1.533
Jul to Dec 2014  3.303  2.529  1.913  1.558  2.749  2.126  1.49  1.471
Jan to Jun 2015  3.02  2.461  2.046  1.423  2.517  1.938  1.461  1.359
Jul to Dec 2015  3.162  2.507  2.115  1.447  2.523  2.095  1.465  1.37
Jan to Jun 2016  2.79  2.397  2.149  1.519  2.516  2.043  1.565  1.331
Jul to Dec 2016  3.141  2.476  2.285  1.473  2.305  2.092  1.359  1.337
Jan to Jun 2017  3.49  2.441  2.304  1.489  2.512  1.948  1.461  1.345
Jul to Dec 2017  3.487  2.522  2.220  1.493  2.248  1.860  1.383  1.380
Jan to Jun 2018  3.379  2.480  2.259  1.555  2.185  1.865  1.368  1.343

Industry
Period  Mean
premium
rate ACT
% Mean
premium
rate NSW
% Mean
premium
rate NT
% Mean
premium
rate QLD
% Mean
premium
rate SA
% Mean
premium
rate TAS
% Mean
premium
rate VIC
% Mean
premium
rate WA
%
Non -residential
construction
September 201 63 NA NA NA 2.218 2.545 3.180  1.471 1.500

3 Source: Safe Work Australia publication Comparison of Workers’ Compensation Arrangements in Australia and
New Zealand Decemb er 201 7, Table 7.6 Selected Industry Premium Rates as at 30  September  2016, pages
223-225.

27
  5 Awards and Recognition
During this reporting period accredited contractors have been the recipients of a number of prestigious
safety awards, including —but not limited to —the following:
• John Holland Pty Ltd won the 2018 ‘Safe Work Australia Good Design Award’ for the Dalrymple
Bay Coal Terminal – Mobile Swing -Stage Gantry.
• Fulton Hogan Construction Pty Ltd won the 2018 Australian Asphalt Pavement Association
Victorian State ‘Safety Initiative’ award.
• Hazell Bros Group Pty Ltd won the 2018 Cement Concrete and Aggregates  Australia, Tasmania
‘Health and Safety Innovation’ award for the Forico Log Yard Concrete Placement Conveyor.
• Georgiou Group Pty Ltd won the 2018 Industrial Foundation for Accident Prevention ‘Platinum
Safe way Achievement Award’ for Best Practice and Con tinuous Improvement of Health and
Safety management.
• Decon Technologies Pty Ltd won the 2018 National Electrical and Communications Association
Victorian ‘Work Health & Safety Management System (Company)’ Award for ‘Home Safe’.
• Monford Group Pty Ltd won t he 2018 Industrial Foundation for Accident Prevention ‘Gold Safe
Way Achievement Award’ for their Safety Management System .


28
  Glossary
Dangerous occurrence  - An incident where no person is injured, but could have been injured, resulting
in Serious Personal  Injury, Incapacity or Death. Also commonly called a “near miss”.
Fatality Frequency Rate – Fatality Frequency rates are calculated as follows:

Frequency rate  - Frequency rates are calculated as follows:

High -risk construction work hazards
1. Construction work where there is a risk of a person falling two metres or more
2. Construction work on telecommunications towers
3. Construction work involving demolition
4. Construction work involving the disturbance or removal  of asbestos
5. Construction work involving structural alterations that require temporary support to prevent
collapse
6. Construction work involving a confined space
7. Construction work involving excavation to a depth greater than 1.5 metres
8. The construction of tu nnels
9. Construction work involving the use of explosives
10. Construction work on or near pressurised gas distribution mains and consumer piping
11. Construction work on or near chemical, fuel or refrigerant lines
12. Construction work on or near energised electrical installations and services
13. Construction work in an area that may have a contaminated or flammable atmosphere
14. Tilt-up and precast concrete construction work
15. Construction work on or adjacent to roadways or railways used by road or rail traffic
16. Wor k on construction sites where there is any movement of powered mobile plant
17. Construction work in an area where there are artificial extremes of temperature
18. Construction work in, over or adjacent to water or other liquids where there is a risk of drowning
19. Construction work involving diving
Incident  - An incident resulting in an injury that is required to be notified by the W HS legislative
requirement for notifiable incidents in the jurisdiction in which the project is being undertaken.


29 LTIFR (Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate)  - The number of occurrences of lost time injury that result
in a permanent disability or time lost from work of one day shift or more in the period. The number
of hours worked refers to th e total number of hours worked by all workers in the period, including
overtime and extra shifts.
Mean (average)  - The mean is the sum of all the scores divided by the number of scores.
Mechanism of incident classification
Major Groups
0. Falls, trips and  slips of a person
1. Hitting objects with a part of the body
2. Being hit by moving objects
3. Sound and pressure
4. Body stressing
5. Heat, electricity and other environmental factors
6. Chemicals and other substances
7. Biological factors
8. Mental stre ss
9. Vehicle incidents and other

MTIFR (Medically Treated Injury Frequency Rate)  - The number of occurrences of treatment by, or
under the order of, a qualified medical practitioner, or any injury that could be considered as being
one that would normally be treated by a medical practitioner. The number of hours worked refers to
the to tal number of hours worked by all workers in the period, including overtime and extra shifts.
Nature of injury classification
A. Intracranial injuries
B. Fractures
C. Wounds, lacerations, amputations and internal organ damage
D. Burns
E. Injury to nerves and spinal cord
F. Traumatic joint/ligament and muscle/tendon injury
G. Other injuries
H. Diseases and conditions
Non -Scheme projects  – Projects where the accredited contractor is the head contractor, the value of
building work is $ 4 million or more, and the project is not a Schem e project.


30 Scheme projects  - Projects that are directly funded by the Australian Government with a value of
$4 million or more, plus  projects that are indirectly funded by the Australian Government where:
• the value of the Australian Government contribution to the project is at least $5 million and
represents at least 50 per cent of the total construction project value; or
• the Australi an Government contribution to a project is $10 million or more, irrespective of
the proportion of Australian Government funding.
TRIFR (Total Recorded Injury Frequency Rate) – The total  number of Medically Treated Injuries, Lost
Time Injuries and Fatalitie s in the defined period divided by the number of hours worked in the
period, multiplied by one million.


